You saw the straightforward spot on
doing it.
I think so.
Okay.
Are we live?
Yep.
Well, good morning.
Are they here yet?
Yeah, there it is. Yep.
They say we're here. We've got
nine. Well, thank you all for joining us
today. Good morning,
family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for
joining us. You know, I have some
things on my heart to pray about
tonight. It's important.
You know, we see all the things in
the news already about the
attacks that we saw in Minnesota today.
The man tried to hurt the people in the
church, but the Lord protected every
single one of them. And that's exactly
what we're expecting:
for God to show up and intervene like
that. When that man—I don't know, I
guess they hit him with a truck and all
that, and then the security guy.
That's why the Lord—remember, I had you
all, I said you must pray about security
over your churches
in the days ahead. And there's a lot of
people that come against that, but I'm
telling you what the spirit of the Lord
said: pray for security in your
churches. And some people can't afford
that, but there are some people that
can. And so
that is what the Lord was showing me,
and there will be more of this. And that
was with the man that I saw. Most
people say, "Well, he lives in America
now. This powerful, you know, he has a
lot of finances."This guy coming against,
trying to bring chaos in the
spirit realm about mass shootings in
churches. And then I saw the one in
Denver, and I warned you all in the days
ahead there. I saw a man dressed
up in military garb, and he had a
bulletproof-looking
vest on, and he had a
ballistic-looking
helmet. He had a
helmet on, and he walked into the
crowd, and he started mowing people down
with an AR-15. And the Lord said, "These
things like this, you take your
authority and stop these attacks that
are planned by the enemy."And it
was that place, and I saw some other
place. I'm trying to remember. I
see so much, you all, that I have my
son and my wife—they have to take notes
and help me because I said,
"Lord,"because
He downloads to me all
the time. It was like today. I mean,
it's like an open heaven, and I just sit
there and just listen, talking to the
Father, and He's talking, saying,
"Brandon, it's time for My
body—for
Me to talk to you shouldn't be abnormal.
I want to talk to My body all the time.
If you're plugged into the
electrical socket, you're going to get
power, right?"So, we're plugged into
the Word, we're plugged into Him, and
we're hearing Him on a day-to-day basis.
Are people coming, praying
over churches?
Yeah. So, we have some people. I just
want to make sure people are
seeing it. I know people are watching
the Thunder game, so I didn't want to
interrupt it, but I just feel an urgency
to pray. And so, I thought, "Well,
I'm sorry to disrupt your Thunder game,
but we have some business to take
care of in the spirit realm concerning
the days ahead."And it's very
serious that the body of Christ does
this together. I usually just
do a video right now, but I feel
we're changing things when we're praying
as a group, and we're just plowing
over the enemy.
So, what I feel an urgency about right
now is still the churches
in the days ahead, praying over
megachurches,
places of worship for mass shootings and
things like that. Praying for
protection over our leaders. And I
told you all I saw—you know, and
I've tried not to always rehearse
this—but
I saw a mega-preacher in Texas, and I
told you to pray for that man, and I said
to pray over the preacher in Tampa,
and to pray over the person in North
Carolina. The Lord gives me certain
megachurches
that were targets, and the
Lord said, "Pray over this,"but it's more
than that. So we look, and right now
we have the one in Minnesota, and I
didn't even know what that
church—I
don't even know what denomination
it was, but it doesn't matter, folks. Do
you understand the enemy's coming after
everybody he can? And so that's why we
raise up our voices and pray in the
Holy Ghost and put a bloodline around
our buildings. You need to plead the
blood over your church, going around
taking your authority and taking it over
your children when they go back to
school in the fall, praying a hedge of
protection over what belongs to us. That
no weapon formed against you is going to
prosper. And it is important that you do
this not just one time. "Well, we did it
one time. Well, you know, we talked
about it. What did we—we did that about a
month ago."No, this is something that
you do repetitively all the time. Every
day you wake up and you take that
seat of authority according to
Ephesians. You need to read Ephesians,
go over Ephesians talking about how
we're seated with Him in the heavenlies,
and you take that place of authority
every single day. I do not let
one day go by without pleading the
blood, taking communion, seeking Him
daily. This has become—I don't
want to say it's a routine, but it is
like brushing your teeth,
combing your hair (whatever, if you have
hair,
not like
me)—doing
this every day. And when your
kids get ready to go back to school, if
they're in public school, go around
pleading the blood over things, saying,
"Father, as my child is in that
building, I put a bloodline. We put
angels around this building. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that You said that
You send Your angels to keep charge over
us, and they will bear us up in their
hands lest we dash our foot against the
stone."I
believe, Father, that those
angels are protecting my babies.
You must use your authority in the days
ahead. "Well, we're going to go to the
high school football game, we're going
to go to the college game, we're going
to—"no,
no. I plead the blood. I thank
You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus is
covering my children, covering us as we
go to these sporting events or whatever
you plan on doing. "We're going to go to a
Major League game or
whatever."We
thank You, Lord. The angels go with
me everywhere I go.
You know, I see these posts on Facebook.
They'll say, "The angel..."—you know, the
man's there, and these demons are there
trying to mess with them, and the angels
come in and start beating up on the
demon. And I said, "Well, I have to
disagree with that post a little bit
because my angels never leave. They're
always there, and they're always
ready to defend me.
I'm not having to call them
down to help me out because they're
already
there."Yes,
with their swords and their shields
ready, and they're up there going, "Man,
I'm ready to bust some devil in the
head."They
come around here and they're
going, "Well, my angels are far off in
the distant future."Because that post was
like, "Hey, that guy was praying, these
devils are there."I don't know if
anybody saw that, but they're all there,
and these devils are there, and they're
growling in the background. You
could see them, and the guy's in the bed,
and he's praying, and all of a sudden the
angels show up, and I was like, "No, no,
no, no. My angels never leave. My angels
are always on guard."I've got some big
ones. I always say his name is Big
George. I've always named him because
he's never told me his name.
And so people go, "Why do you call him
Big George?"Because I said, "I don't
know, it just felt like such an old
country name."So I named my angel Big
George. And people don't like that, but
that's my angel. I call him what I
want
to.
And so Big George is always here, ready
to protect me. I've seen him multiple
times, and he's a big old
guy. He's a big old sausage-fingers
and
big hands. And it's
amazing, you know, the things the Lord
will allow me to see. I've told you all,
He'll even allow me to see when
they're protecting me. When I'm pumping gas
and I'm in a sketchy neighborhood, the
angels are there, and I
see him there, and
I'm—you
know, you don't want to be fearful,
but you're always on alert, looking
around like, "Oh man, I'm in a bad
neighborhood."And
then there's Big
George
sitting there, standing there, and he's
watching out. He's always at attention,
watching over me. And I say, "Thank
you, Father, for your angels. We need to
utilize them more and more
in the days
ahead."Angels
unaware. I believe that God gives his
angels to protect us, and I
always say, "Father, I commission my
angels. Father, I thank you that the
angels are protecting us. Thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed against me
is going to
prosper."And
people, we forget about it. It's the
unseen realm. You know, people don't
always use that. "Oh well, you know, the unseen
realm, whatever."No,
no, no. I believe that
every one of us has angels that
watch over us. Believers, believing
believers, I believe they're watching.
Angels are watching over your children;
they're watching over you. And it's time
we become more strong about
doing that, not sitting back going,
"Well, you know, every once in a
while."No,
I do it every day, every day, all
the time. Even when I'm driving: "Angels,
protect us as we drive.
Father, I cover us with the
mighty name of Jesus over our house,
over our car as we drive down the
highway, over our tires, over everything,
that, Father, we make it there safe
and we make it back safe, and that,
Father, we are always covered by your
blood and your angels are watching over
us."And
that's what you're going to have to
do in the days ahead more and more.
That's what Psalm 91 even talks about,
that he gives his angels
charge over us. So, I'm trying to give
you some encouragement today that
we're not going to be afraid of the
terror by night, nor for the arrow that
flieth
by day.
We're not going to be afraid of those
things because Jesus Christ has sent his
angels to protect us, and he has given
his word that we could use it as a
weapon.
It's our sword. And so, that's what
we're going to do. And yeah, I see these
things and what the Lord shows me is
coming. But I'm telling you folks, the
believers, us, the people that are
watching this broadcast, I believe we
have a special covering.
And I said I'm not
participating in mass casualties. We're
not going to participate
in a financial disaster.
We're always going to be above and not
beneath. We're going to go through and
not go under. I don't know about you,
ladies and gentlemen, but I know that
God is able to protect me, and he's an
ever-present help in a time of need, and
he's going to watch over us. And so I
try to encourage you. Yeah, these
volcanoes I've seen erupting. I've seen
earthquakes in diverse places. I've
seen major storms, mega-major hurricanes
in the days ahead. I saw a great
hurricane coming, and I
saw it being seeded, and I saw the
eyewall was so tight and it was
very, very strong, kind of like the one
that hit Florida and went up
through North Carolina and caused all
that damage. I'm talking about a major
hurricane coming, and the Lord said, "Poke
the eyewall out."Don't pray for it to go
to Fort Myers or to Tampa or to
Destin or whatever. When we
take authority over it, we poke the eyewall
out. Make it fall apart, Lord. Because,
you know, I always see believers
when they're praying in that
area: "Oh, go this way. Go that way.
No, no, no, go down here. Don't go down
here."But
what we need to do is use
our faith and say, "Father, you weaken
that thing.
It's a tropical storm now, or
a
depression, or whatever. We're not
going to have a major hurricane this
year."That's
the kind of authority. "As he is,
so are we in this world."That's what the
Bible says. Now, people would argue with
that all the time, but that's what the Bible
says: "As he is, so are we in this
world."And
if Jesus could do it, he gave us the
authority to do it also. Why? Because he
dwells on the inside of me. And I
believe we can pray over the storms and
tell them, "Peace, be
still,"just
like Jesus did in that boat. He was
resting, and the disciples were freaking
out, but he wasn't. He was asleep. So
there was a peace there. And when you
have that inward peace, that peace that
passes all understanding, that's why I
say we've got to follow our
peace in everything we do.
If it costs you your
peace, it's too expensive.
Yes.
But I say that's why you follow your
peace. And people, you know, that's why
I say I don't make a big decision until
I have peace.
We talk about it all the time. If
it's financial, say if it's
buying a car or maybe a house
or a job offer or whatever, you follow
your peace. And if you don't have peace,
don't do it, because that Prince
of Peace is dwelling on the inside of
you. And if you have that inward check,
and that's the Holy Spirit scratching
you saying, "Don't do that. You're
making a bad choice right now. You're
about to make a really dumb choice.
Don't do that,"and you go,
"Well, you know, hon"— so I
told her, I said, "You know, I just
don't feel peace about going to that
place.
I don't feel peace about going to that
vacation spot or whatever. Let's follow
the voice of the Lord."And that's why I
say I always inquire of the Lord in
everything I do. No matter where I go, I
say, "Is it meant for me to go
there today?"And I believe as the day
approaches and it gets darker and darker
like I've told you is coming,
we always ask him every morning. Father,
I thank you, Lord, because the people on
9/11, there were a lot of people that were
supposed to be there and they didn't
show up that day.
But are they the ones that
inquired of the Lord? "Father, I don't
feel that peace today."We heard a
story by Brother Hagin, and he was
talking about one of his members, that
the pastors were praying
over some of the members and they said,
"I feel something really bad. We need to
pray."And
they knew five members were
out on vacation, so they kept
interceding all night
long. And I want to make this
short for y'all because I know you
have things you've got to do, but I
feel I'm supposed to tell you this.
They started praying and they interceded
for hours,
and they still couldn't get a release,
and they thought, "Man, something's
really wrong still."And so these two
prayer warriors, the pastors of
the church, kept praying for their
members of the church. Well, they
stopped after three or four times of
getting up in the middle of the night,
kept praying. He said, "Well,
whoever this is, Lord, let them have a
dream.
Let them have a dream and tell
them in their dream whatever the
caution is, what we're feeling
and we're
interceding."So
the next day, their children's
church worker, one of the people
there over the children's church,
went to the job site. And he
told the guy, because the guy that was
normally there didn't come in to work
that day, and he said, "Hey, why
don't you go..."— there was an oil rig — and he
told him, he said, "I want you to go up
there and help out
with this lift or whatever. You do it
instead.
You do it
instead."And
he said, "Last night, I had a dream,
and in the dream I saw that wire right
there break free, and it cut my
head off and it fell to the
ground. So, I don't
feel peace about going up
there."And
so he told the guy, "I'm
sorry, I can't do it."Well, the other
guy, who was from the church across
town that did not believe in the
baptism of the Holy Ghost and didn't
believe all this stuff, he said, "I'm
not superstitious. I'll go up there and
do the
job."So
he ran up the side of
that thing, and five minutes into it, the
wire
snapped and cut that man's head off, and
it bumped that guy who was praying in
the spirit in his back.
So it was a leading of the Lord trying
to warn them that there was something
wrong with it, but he went with his
peace. Now the other guy didn't believe
anything, and, you know,
things happened with Christians, but one
prayed in tongues.
Yeah, one prayed in tongues, one prayed
in the spirit.
Sometimes we don't know what we're
supposed to be praying,
right?
What is this that I
feel? What is this caution? And so when praying
in tongues,
you have the gift of
praying in tongues.
And that's what we pray in the spirit
all the time. Diana and I pray in the
spirit all the time. And not saying that
one's better than the other, but one's
tapped into the spirit realm a little
bit more than the other,
you know, and that's what
I'm trying to tell y'all. Being baptized
in the Holy Ghost, but I felt
an urgency following that peace because
the other man followed the peace, and the
other man didn't know peace. He's not
here anymore, of course.
And the other guy, he was a teaching
superintendent. He was
over the children's ministry, and
his life was spared. But
if the boss
would have listened to him and
said, 'You know what? We should probably
check that wire
then,'you
know, we probably should check that
wire,
he would have found out that there was
something wrong with it.
But just follow it. What I'm
trying to tell you is
don't—the
reason I brought all that up is don't
ignore the peace.
Follow it in the days ahead, and it will
keep you and protect you. You must
follow the peace of God. And when we go
through all these things that are coming,
I pray, 'Father, I'm always in the
right place at the right time doing
exactly what you've asked me to do for
that day, and I will not miss it because
you said that your children will
hear your voice, a strange voice they
will not follow.'And that's what I
expect from it. I expect to hear you,
Father. I expect when people say, 'Well,
I don't hear God like you, Brandon. I
don't hear God like you, Diana.'Yes, you
do. You know what? It didn't come
overnight.
It comes by practice.
It comes by—'faith cometh by hearing, and
hearing by the word of God.'But hearing
his voice, too, comes by
deliberately trying. And I say, 'Lord,
I'm practicing your presence today.'I'm
not
saying I have it right all the
time, but you know, as you grow, you get
better at something. It's like
riding a bike, walking, or whatever.
Like a child, you keep falling, but
you keep getting yourself back up. And
people say, 'Well, you know, I'm
embarrassed to say that or
that.'No,
no, no, folks. I've missed it a lot
in the past. But you know what happens?
The more you practice, the more you
stand, the more you read his word,
you're going to get better and better at
it. And I say, 'Lord,
I thank you. Man, that was
embarrassing.'Well,
that's all right. I
pick myself up, brush yourself off,
and just keep walking it out.
Nobody's perfect, and nobody's going to
get it right 99.9% of the time,
100% of the time, whatever. I'm just
saying that's how you practice. You
practice the voice and hearing the voice
of God by his word, getting in the word,
listening to him, and you say,
'Lord,'you
may say, 'Well, I'm just going
to keep doing it.'That's how
you get good at it. How does a
professional basketball player become
the best and become MVP?
Practice,
practice. It's the same with football
and everything else. I'm just comparing
it to sports because that's what you
maybe can relate with. A race car driver
gets to be the best
because he
practices.
And as you practice, you become, like I
said, a champion. The only way you're
going to become a champion is if you
become good at the fundamentals.
You have to become good at the
fundamentals first so that you hear the
voice of God. And the fundamentals of
Christianity are going to church,
reading your Bible, and praying.
And those are the fundamentals, but you go
back to the ABCs. Everybody wants to go
to algebra
and skip the ABCs. But everything in
Christianity is based off of the ABCs
first,
and that's how you keep going from glory
to glory to glory. But if you
forget your fundamentals and the ABCs,
you're not going to remember how to do
the algebra equation.
And you're going to be looking at it going,
'Man, I don't know.'And that's why I
say if I get off track and
you're going, 'Man, I feel I'm a little
lost here,'go back to the basics.
What got you there in the first place?
'Well, I'm a little off today. What's
going on?'No, it's not panic time. It's
go-back-to-the-basics
time.
Because back to the basics, the
ABCs, is the foundation.
And if you—the foundation is the word,
and you get this beautiful book down
inside of you and you don't turn away
from it, and you get down and pray,
that's when you're not a goose
in the fog anymore, and you're all of a
sudden going, 'Hey, I
found my heading.
I know where I'm going now because I
went back to the
basics.'But
people try to make things in
Christianity too complicated. But he
made it so that a child can do it.
Your five-year-old little child can have
a relationship with the Lord and hear
him every day.
He didn't make it where, 'Well, you know,
you're not a super adult
Christian, so only the people
who are college Christians can hear
the voice of the Lord.'No, he made it
so
that a child can listen to him. A child
can live by faith. God didn't make it
hard. We make it hard. 'Well, you know,
God doesn't talk to me.'No, he does talk
to you. I say my Father is always there,
and he's willing to talk to me because
why? He loves me. If we really, truly
realized
how much God loves us,
if we really, truly realized how much he
cares for us—and people go, 'Well,
does God love me?'Yes, yes.
He loved you so much that he
gave his Son to die for you. That's
enough.
I mean, that's huge. If he never
did anything else for you,
he did everything.
Even if, you know, we are always waiting
for God to do something more, well, God
already did it all. We just have to
receive it by faith. And there are so many
people that think, 'Well, you know,
why does God not take care of these
devil situations and all the things that
are going on in my life?'He said, 'It is
finished.'He
doesn't have to die again
for you. He's already died once. If he
said, 'It is finished,'everything he
set out to do was done. So all you have
to do is receive it by faith and say, 'I
stand on the word, and I'm going to do
what the Bible says I can do, and I'm
going to take what the devil stole from
me, and you're not going to ramrod me
anymore, sucker. You're underneath my
feet.'And
that's why I try to tell
y'all to get a backbone like a crowbar.
Because if you don't, the devil comes as
a roaring lion seeking whom he may
devour. Who are the ones he can't
devour? The ones who know who they
are.
And they take their authority, and like
Ephesians says, they say, 'Hey, man,
you ain't robbing me. And if you
do, you're paying me back double.
You're paying me back
double.'And
eventually, you'll get too expensive
for the devil to mess with.
You start using your authority, and you
start calling those things that be not
as though they were, and you walk by
faith, you start actually doing what
the word of God says you can do,
and you can have what the word of God
says you can have. When you start doing
that, you'll be too expensive for the
devil to mess with. He's going to go,
'Man, they know who they are. I'm
going to mess with that guy over
there; he doesn't know who he
is.'Because
that's what the Bible says: he
comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he
may devour.
That means he can't devour everybody.
He can only devour the people who don't
know who they are.
And they go,
"But he'll challenge it."I'm not saying
he won't challenge a roaring, lying
lion. He's a
liar. He doesn't tell
any
truth.
He may try, but he
can't. If you stand on the Word and
put that supersuit on called the Armor
of God, that's your super clothes.
Everybody can
get this in you.
Yes, the Word of God,
but it's your super clothes. That's what
I was trying to say. It's like
you're a superhero with your super
clothes on.
Most people don't want to put
maybe your gospel shoes
on or whatever. Maybe you
just have your helmet on, but
bring your sword
every once in a while, but
you don't put the whole Armor of God on.
You just put a part of it.
But like I said, I want to
operate in the fruits of the
Spirit.
And the Lord even today is saying,
"Brandon, you've got to get
more foundational love.
You've
got to walk it out in love. Love never
fails.
When people talk bad to you,
when people treat you bad, love never
fails."And
that's something I deal with
all the time, y'all.
"Well, I'm not going to talk to them
today."No.
Lord said, "Love them.""I
don't
want to be around them
today,"you
know, Sister
So-and-So.
Lord said, "Love
them.""I
don't want to
go,"you
know.
But people don't want to hear that. But
that's what it takes
because He abides in me and His words
remain in me. If you abide in me and
my words remain in you, you shall ask
what you will and it shall be done.
And that's why I say, when you
say, "Why don't my prayers get answered?"it
is
because you're
not abiding in the Word. Pray the Word.
Find scripture that pertains to what
you're believing God for,
whether it's healing, deliverance,
whatever you may need, find something.
And you say, "Well, I don't know how to
do that."Google it, I don't know, find
something. And there's a
list of scriptures on the Bible app
that I have. And I'll go out,
whatever I'm overcoming that day,
whatever I need—peace,
passing
understanding,
whatever—and
they have all of them. And I go, "Okay,
well, I'm just going to go through each
one of these, and I'm just going to find
the scripture, and I'm just going to
meditate on that all day long
by renewing your
mind."Renew
your mind by the Word of God.
Yes, finances. Find financial
scriptures. "Father, my God will supply
all my needs according to His riches
in
glory by Christ Jesus."Well, He said
He'd do it. I believe it. That settles
it. I'm not going to be moved by what I
see anymore. I believe it. I receive it.
And that settles it. Period. And I'm
going to live by faith. Either you
believe it and
you're a believer, or you don't. If you
don't believe it, it's not going to come
to pass. I'm not a doubter. I'm an
overcomer. And I believe I'm going to
live by faith and not by sight.
Yes.
So that was my little thing for you
today. Now, what's the Lord telling
us to pray for? I don't know where that
all came from, but you got that for
free.
He said to pray over the
Strait
of
Hormuz.
Yes, this is what I saw in the spirit.
Even the last time He said, "You must
pray over this."I saw an uprising in
that area, trying to block the oil
and supplies. And the Lord said, "I
saw the United States Navy getting
involved in this area."Now, I saw
battleships. I saw Iran being
put back, scattered like
roaches.
It's important that we pray over this
because, remember, I told you all I
saw oil going above—and this is not
financial advice. Am I telling you to
buy oil stocks? I didn't even realize
you could until somebody
emailed,
"Well, you're giving me..."No, I'm telling
you what I saw in the spirit. Now, it's
the same thing like this man
said, "You know what? When you were talking
about the Asian man, I
went to Las Vegas and
put all this money down on it."And when
it didn't happen, I said, "I didn't even
know there was such a thing
as
gambling."These
people, I'm like, "You all need to get
born
again."This
is serious.
I'm just ignorant to this stuff,
folks. I'm telling you, follow the
voice of God. So when I see
the oil, I saw in the ticker—it was a ticker
in front of me—I saw
$200 a barrel. "Do I need that off my
face?""On
your lips right there.
Thanks.""Other
side.""This
side.
Thanks.""No,
this
side.""Yeah,
that side. I
forget. It's like a mirror to you.""Mirror
to
God,
it's live. Okay.
Thank you,
Jesus.""You
didn't know there was such a thing.
That's what you're
saying.""Yeah.
Thanks, Brad.
Oh, Diana.
Well, I appreciate it. It's like saying,
'Do I have a booger in my nose? I don't
want it there either, you
know.'Well,
okay,
we're just real. Where did I wind up in
this thing? So,
what was... Oh, so
you just tell them what you see.
Yeah, I just tell you what I see. So, I
see about the oil and the ticker and
all the things, and I saw $200,
and I saw the price of gas going above
$9. And I saw in the vision it went from
coast to coast, and
the Lord said the average gas price in
the vision when I was praying, I saw it
was like $8 a gallon. And then
I saw... and I just tell
you details about it.
It kept
going, and it was moving really fast in
front of me. This means it was a
prolonged period of time. It was like
several weeks.
And then I kept
hearing in the vision, I could hear,
'Drill, baby,
drill.'And
I saw the Mediterranean.
I saw Gaza. I saw great wealth in
Gaza underneath the water.
And I saw massive amounts of gas reserves,
big things. And then I saw a number come
up in front of me. It was a ticker in
front of me again. And I could see
billions of dollars
coming to Israel
from the ground in Gaza.
Billions, and they knew
the oil is in the ground.
Well, that could come across
controversial, but that's what I see.
Then I see a pipeline in
America being opened up again. I see
great wealth coming
through this big pipeline in America,
working on this pipeline again. And I
see great wealth in the Gulf of Mexico
again, lots and lots of oil. And I saw a
funding of finances with oil concerning
America and the petro dollar. And it was
helping balance the budget
somehow. And then I saw crypto
and this new digital stuff, and it was
all being worked on. And it was, like I
said, on a thin line. And the
Lord said there has to be a foundation
because it's like the Wild West right
now. But there will be regulations and
foundation in the days ahead, and
this will be something that will be
part of the Beast system in the future.
And it just shows this is how I pray, and
He just shows me stuff, and
I just
keep practicing His presence, and this
is
what He shows me, and He tells me all
this stuff. Then He tells me about,
you know, and here I see again this
Hormuz
thing, Hormuz or whatever
it is,
these words. I see all that, and
then the Lord shows me that
mountain
in Iran that they just blew up last
night that I told you I saw on
Saturday. And I said, "I see this on
Saturday,"but
I saw them taking
biological things out of that mountain,
big 50-gallon drums,
putting them in the back of a truck.
I can tell you where they put them, too.
And
the Lord warns me
of these things. He says, "Pray for
the people. Pray for them because they
use them on the people."And He
said, "Intercede for them.
Intercede for these people,
Brandon."And
he tells me, like for Joel Osteen, and
he tells me about Rodney Howard
Browne.
He said, 'Pray for these men, for
there's an attack. You must pray for
these men.'And I, you know,
not everybody wants to hear that kind of
stuff, but I know they have security.
So I just say, 'Lord, give their
security heightened alert,
but I don't ever do it to be in
fear and tell you, "Don't go to
church that
day."'Just
like that story we just told about
Pastor Goodwin, 'The
Black Horse'from
Kenneth Hagin, and for the church
that I told you that I said all these
major attacks would try to come
on our churches. Well, Minnesota happened
today, and it's like, look at that,
Minnesota. Who would have ever thought, in a
little looked like a Church of Christ or
something? I don't know. But the lady
was smart enough to tell the people, 'Jump,
run in the back, run in the back!'And you
can hear the gunshots and everything
going on. And I'm like, praise God that
the man was stopped because that had the
potential to be something really, really
bad.
And that's what I'm talking about, using
your authority.
And the other thing, so people say,
'What did you see about the black
horse?'Yesterday
in prayer, when I was praying
with you all, I saw a black horse that
was—it
was a beautiful horse that
had—it
looked shiny. It looked kind of shiny
in the vision. It looked like it
had—it
was like you see a horse
that looks like it's sweating, kind of
like the way the
sheen—yeah,
thanks, baby—the sheen
on the horse's body,
and his eyes were like black as onyx.
And then I saw a man, a
demonic-looking
thing sitting on this horse, that had a
skeleton face and rags
coming off of this thing. He had
skeleton-looking
hands, skeleton
everything. But he had one hand on the...
bridle.
Is that what—what is
that thing? What is that? Bridle?
The bridle.
He had it on the
bridle
and he had it next to his body.
He was holding it with his hand; he
was holding it next to his body. So I
couldn't see, but he had something else
in that hand, but it was close to the
rags that were like linen. They
looked
like linen, but they were transparent,
but they were kind of glowing like a
ghost—really
spooky looking,
the way it looked. And he was holding a
sickle in his hand, but he wasn't
holding it up in the air; he was holding
it down.
He had it down, pointing to the ground.
And I don't know why, but the
sickle looked like
it was glowing like his clothes.
So I thought that was really
interesting. But I know the black horse
in tribulation, or what
it talks about in Revelation, is the
scales.
So the green, the
chlorophyll—you
know, the
green-looking
horse, whatever, the pale for the other one—he's the one
that has a sickle, from what
I understand. And so, you know, when I'm
seeing this, folks, I don't know what I'm
seeing. So I still don't, because that
doesn't line up with scripture that way.
If that is the black horse, he wouldn't have
a sickle in his hand. But I'm just being
real with y'all. This is what I saw, and
I don't know what I'm looking at. And
that's even what I said when I saw it in
the vision. I said, 'I don't
know what this is,
but I know that the Lord is warning
me about something.'And he said, 'The
black horse—this black horse is about
to ride.'And I saw it on the East
Coast, and it was riding throughout the
land on the East Coast. And I could
see—I
was up in the air in the vision—and I
could see each state and how they're
outlined on like a map.
And he was riding on the
coastal side. So it would go all the way
down through Virginia, all the way down
to Florida. And then he started riding
to South America, and he rode around in
South America. And then I saw him turn
and he went through Africa.
But I didn't see him go through Asia, and
I didn't see him go through the Middle
East. That's what I saw, and I thought
that that was interesting. But I paused
on it because I was thinking, 'What
is that?'You know? But I just relay what
I'm seeing when I'm praying to you.
So you do with it what you want to, but
it's something to pray about. You know,
I had to say, 'Lord, show me the rest of
that. Is there more to
that?'So
something, you know, I just bring it
to you.
What else did I
tell y'all? I said, 'Don't let
me forget this because it's
important.'I
was trying to take notes about all the
things the Lord was showing us. We
prayed over that. We prayed over—oh, and
we prayed
over President Trump.
And then Emanuel, he said,
yeah, I saw Emanuel again. I saw
his face becoming different. It
started—Cuba!
Oh, and the Lord said to pray over Cuba.
And I saw mules.
I kept hearing the word
'mules'yesterday.
And I didn't know what that was, but I
saw the
border from Texas all the way to
California. There were many tunnels.
Let's pray for this, that the
border patrol
would find these people, because of the
human
trafficking—to
pray over the human trafficking to
stop, these innocent children.
You know, people are sick.
So that's what we prayed for today.
And then you saw the dead fish.
Oh, that was a big one. Thank you, son, I
really appreciate it, because there's
so—like
I said, after today and what all
happened today in our private time,
I'm trying
not to bring them together.
The fish—I saw fish all over the water,
and it was like when the waves—in this
vision, I saw the fish, when the waves
were coming in, I could see the fish
rolling in with the waves,
and they were floating on top of the
water. Excuse me. But they
had—see,
that's why I don't drink sparkling water
before I do this.
I'm sorry.
God help me.
It adds the fun element.
Well, it's—you can't,
it's live.
Golly, my mind. Okay. So, I saw the
fish on the water, and they were rolling
in, and they were all dead. And I could
see it not just in one spot in
California, but it was in Oregon, and it
was all up the coast, fish rolling in.
And there literally looked like
thousands of them in the vision—maybe I
would even say hundreds of thousands. It
was a lot of fish, but there were big
ones, small ones, and it
was really, really creepy. But they were
a white-looking fish.
They were a white-looking fish in
that
they shined.
They had like a
sheen.
A sheen, thank you.
And so that was that part of
the vision. So,
I don't know, I just try to go over
things
with y'all. I know this is probably
boring, but I try to
rehearse it all so we know what
we're expecting, and we know things that
are coming, and we pray over it together
as a family. So, I appreciate y'all
being here today.
All right. Well, I guess we'll just
pray. You want to pray with me? We'll
pray and we'll just pray over our
president. Oh, and he kept
bringing up the half-circle flags.
Oh, and Macy's.
Yeah,
he brought up Macy's. And I saw the star
of Macy's, and it said 'Macy's'across it.
And I saw people on the curbs, and they
were celebrating, and they were out there,
and that's what I thought: 'Is this
Thanksgiving?'But
I saw people
standing outside, but what was
interesting was there were leaves on the
trees, so I know it was not,
because there are no leaves on the trees
in November,
especially in New York. But I knew that
what I was looking at was Macy's, and
I saw Macy's, and the Lord pointed that
out, but I did not see a department
store. I just heard the word
'Macy's'and
I saw a star, and then I saw people
outside. And they had—this one man in the
vision, I saw a man, and he had a white
t-shirt on,
and he was standing outside, and I could
see like it was like a park,
and I could see trees, and then I
could see, of course, the sidewalk, but it
looked like it was a warm day.
And so I don't know why I saw
Macy's warm park warm man in a t-shirt,
but I'm just telling you as I pray, I
see this stuff. But that was all I
saw. And I saw, and this is where the sun
was at—I can tell you where the sun was
at. The sun was setting, and it was
almost dark. Like, you know, whenever you
see in the summertime, it's like a
sun,
and how you can see the shadows on the
trees because the sun's going down
because it's setting in the
west. You can see in the east it's
starting to get dark.
That's how I knew it
was
setting.
And that's the way it looked in the
vision. I could see, like, the shadows on
stuff as the sun was shining on the man.
And so that's just, you know, I
don't ever do this, y'all, but this is
what I do with them. And we go over
every vision, and I think
of
all the little details,
every detail, because every vision is so
detailed, and we have
lots
of it of what the Lord shows.
And then the full moon.
Yes, then I saw a full moon, and I saw
the moon, and it was over New York, and
it was coming up. And I could see a full
moon in the sky, and I said, "Watch the
moon,"and
I thought, "What was that
about?"And
then that's whenever I kept seeing
about Cuba, and I saw Russia, and I saw
meetings in Russia again. And I go into
these tables, and I can see them having
meetings with war cabinets. And I don't
go into what I hear them
say because that is not smart. But I see
these things, and the Lord shows me,
and I just keep praying over it.
And that's what I've been doing
for years, folks, before I even did this
YouTube thing.
Yeah, I've been doing this since I was
16 years old. And that's how I kept
going and kept going.
Oh, I saw a massive boat.
See, the Lord keeps bringing to
remembrance
the massive boat. I saw a black massive
boat, and the deck was completely red. It
was a red deck on this boat. And the
part that was white was where the
captain was. And I saw a black boat
with a red deck with, like, piping and
stuff on it,
and there was a white thing. But what
was interesting was where the crew went
in and out. Why? I don't know why I saw
this, but that part of the boat was
chipped
paint.
And you could see the chipped paint upon
the boat, the iron or
whatever this boat was made out of.
I could see the chipped paint from people's
shoes scuffing it.
Wow. It was on the side of, you know,
where the traffic of
where they walk all the time, the paint
was worn down.
Wow.
And I was looking at that, and I was
thinking,
"That's how close you saw
it."Yeah,
that's
how—yeah.
And the people were taken out in
the boat.
Wow. They were all lined up,
and the people did this to them, and they
were all out, and they put a thing in the
belly of this boat,
and they drove it into the Washington
area, and they set it off.
And that's what I saw. And so, you know,
I'm probably not too smart to say all this. My job is
never to scare anybody
over this, but you know, whatever, I
tell you what the Lord shows me, and I
pray over these things. It's something
to pray over.
It was around the Virginia area.
There was a waterway there, and I saw
this boat trying to come in there.
So you do with what you want. I
pray over it, and that's what I do. But
I'm just saying there's a lot of people
that are speculating over things.
I say, "Hey, listen. I'm here to warn
you.
I don't even know what a lot of
these things I see. I just keep
praying over it. It's warnings from
the Spirit of the Lord to tell you that
you have time to pray over it. And it
could be months in advance. It could be
days in advance. It could be whatever.
But my job is never to come here and
scare anybody. My job is always to
tell you we have power and authority
to pray. That's how we see things change,
and we don't want to see this
stuff."So
the people say, "Well, Brandon, you're a
prophet."I've
never claimed to be a
prophet.
Never have I
ever stood behind anywhere and
said, "You know, Brandon, you're a
prophet of God."I told you I'm a
watchman. I see this stuff, and I pray.
And to get a huge YouTube
following? Who cares about all that
crap? It's all going to
go away. I really truly believe Jesus
Christ is coming, and all this stuff
doesn't
matter,
you know? It's to get the job done, do
with all I've got, and whatever it
takes—being
radical about it and saying, "I've
sold out to Jesus, and when I get on the
other side, He says,
'Well done, Brandon, you did
it.'"That's
all I look for,
is for Him to say, "Hey, you did it,
buddy. You did it.
Enter into My rest. Come
on."And
if He looks at me and says,
"Well, not done,"or "You're done, Brandon,"I want
to say,
"Well done."I want Him to
be happy.
"You did
okay."And
then when you walk on the other
side, He smiles at you and
gives you that nod,
like, "You did it. You did it. Good job,
buddy."That's
all it's about to me.
All this other stuff, like the Lord
told me, He said, "Brandon, the praise
of man will change like the
wind.
They'll like you one minute, and
they're going to hate you another
because you're going to deliver some
hard words, and people aren't going to
like what you say. You're going to tell
them what I told you to say, and
they're not going to like you, and
they're going to want to throw eggs at
you, but it'll be
accurate in the end. Just stand and say
the hard things."And I said, "Lord, I'm
Yours to use, whatever it takes."I said,
"I'll do whatever it takes, even unto
death. Whatever You say to do, I'll do
it. I'm not my own. I'm dead to self as a
janitor for 13 years cleaning there. And
I would scrub those toilets all those
days. I scrubbed 90 toilets three
to four times a week. 90 toilets. And
I'd clean all those toilets, and I'd get
them all up, and we had a special event,
I'd
clean them even more. And I remember
sitting there praying and asking the
Lord—I'd
pray in the Spirit just like
I'm doing right now—and I'd pray for
our pastor there, and I'd pray for the
church staff. And I'd do it
because they all say, "You ain't going
to do ministering here."But I said,
"Lord, I know You told me I'm
supposed to do this, but they don't
believe in me. They don't want me to do
it. But I know that You've called
me, and no matter what they say, I know
that one day You'll do
it."And
I totally gave up on it. And
the Lord told me one day—because
we
were
selling on eBay and Poshmark, and
believing God—that's one
thing, I practice His presence by asking
Him where to find stuff to sell because
we needed to pay our bills.
Or sports. You know, the Lord loves
sports. And people say, "Oh, I don't
believe that."Then you don't know Him.
He loves sports. He loves to watch His
kids play.
And people don't realize that He's a
personal God that wants to get personal
with you.
He loves you,
and He loves to go to sports games.
Where do you think we like
sports? It comes from Him. We're made in His
image.
He likes to go to the
Thunder.
Yeah.
And people go, "Oh, I don't believe
that."It's
the Pharisees that think that way, modern-day
Pharisees.
You're a Pharisee. Just like the ones
that tried to shut up Jesus, you're the
same Pharisees today. They're
just wearing different clothes. Like in The
Chosen, they've got the black outfits on,
and they're all doing their weird stuff
they do. You're just
modern-day
Pharisees with Nikes on.
It's the truth.
And most people don't want to hear it,
but that's what they do. They're
modern-day
Pharisees. That's why, for the
longest time, I didn't want to go to
church, because people are mean a lot of
times in the church. But it was because
I say this: I wanted
to be with Jesus. I want the anointing.
But the people, the church, they
usually had bad attitudes and I don't
want to be around them. They backstab
you. And I said, 'Lord, help me. Help me
to love on your people because I
watched
online a lot for a long time. When Megan
was first diagnosed with autism, we
stayed at home and watched online for
years,
sitting there watching online because
people
didn't want you because Megan was so
bad. She was a distraction. And when
you have a kid flipping out in the
church and everybody's turned around
looking at you and she can't go to
children's church because she wants to
bite the workers, what do you do?
It was rough.
The Lord's brought her so far.
The Lord has brought her so far. He is
so good.
He is.
And at the time, I didn't see the way
out of that.
There was no light at the end of the
tunnel in those days.
It was dark.
You have a child that's just getting
potty trained at 17 years old, 18 years
old.
All these years we believed potty trained
and she wasn't. It took it. We
went to that Billy Burke meeting. That's
what I tried to tell y'all. We went to
Billy Burke and Billy Burke prayed for
her and within a couple weeks she
started getting better.
It was just one day and
it was an instant thing, like an
overnight thing. She never had an
accident since then. Not even one time.
She went from peeing in her diaper all
the time, all day long,
to just overnight wearing
underwear.
It was amazing,
going pee.
And that's why everybody says, 'Why are
you such a big fan of Billy Burke?'The
anointing.
Because we took her to a lot of people
to get prayer.
A lot.
A lot of people. And there was no
return. I said, 'Lord, and I'm not
dependent just on them, but I depend on
the anointing.'And when you see the
anointing and I recognize the anointing,
I honor it and I say, 'Hey,
listen.'That's
why I talk about that man so
much because he was there,
and his
meetings aren't like huge or
whatever. They're personal. And you walk
in there and the presence of God's
there. And I'm like, everybody's missing
it if you don't come to this stuff
because you can get that yoke of bondage
broken off your life because of the
anointing.
And I'm like, 'Man, this is the best kept
secret ever.'I never knew him before
that.
I went because I was just desperate and
I was like, 'Mark that one off
the list. We went there. Mark that one
off the list. We went there.'How many
times do you save up your money to go on a
vacation? We went to so many of them. I
went, 'Here, that one's gone. That
one's
gone. That didn't work. Boom.'And okay,
here's the next one, because you're just
looking for change. And when you're
desperate and you've spent all you had
and all the doctors are saying there's no
hope, just like it was with the woman with
the
issue of blood, and you're thinking, 'If I
can just get a touch from Jesus, I
know.'I'm
just looking for authentic
anointing. I'm just looking for some
authenticity.
Where's all this fakeness?
All this TV stuff, I don't care about
it. It's crap, you know, Hollywood
Christian stuff. I just want Jesus.
Because if I can just have one second
with him, I'll be made whole. If I could
just have one second with the modern
Jesus right now where I'm at, I know I
can be whole. And I found it at his
meeting.
I found it. And that's why I'm like,
'Man, if I could...'You know, it's like
a junkie wants the next fix. I want
another fix. I want another part of Jesus. I
want just another touch of Jesus today.
Show me, Father.
Aren't you tired of having church
and it just being another service and
you walk away going, 'What was
that?'Yeah.
Why are we looking
for something? I want more. And you
scroll on YouTube trying to find because
you're so hungry and you're desperate,
and you find books that are
impartations, you know, like this book
right here,
finding stuff that somebody's
been there, seen it, done it, and you
go, 'You know, they're not just trying to
write a book to make money.
What's real and what's not? What's
really, what's
authentic?'Yeah.
I don't know. That's why I just get
tired of
Christianity that's fake. I want real. I
want a real Jesus that I can talk to. I
want a real God. I want a real
relationship. I want real presence,
real baptism of the Holy Ghost. I
don't want to play church. I want real
church.
And I get tired of sitting there
and you see the preacher pass the money
plate
down the road or whatever in other
churches we've been to and they go,
'Okay, thank you. Bye-bye. Have a nice
day.'And
I'm like, 'Just keep it.
I want Jesus.
I want Jesus.'And there's so many of you
all that want it, too. And that's why I
told Diana, I said, 'I want the
Lord to always have such a place on this
channel that he can be real
here.'I
want them to be
refreshed when they come, that when we
speak, he flows through us. And if
he's not there, I turn it off. That's
why these lives are weird for me because
I'm like, 'I don't even know if I would
have posted this,
you
know?'It's
amazing.
Well, thanks, hun. But I don't know.
They're the ones that are receiving
it. I'm just telling you what's coming.
It's time to get real.
I can feel his presence.
Glory to God.
So, I appreciate y'all taking your
Sunday night to be here. It's a blessing
for where we've come from. We've come
from a long way, and we keep standing.
And that's all I know the Christian walk
is, is to keep standing when all else there
is
to do is to stand. Stand
therefore,
and you just be real with people and not
try to play like your armpits
don't stink.
Everybody has issues. Everybody has
something they're believing for. And I
don't care, from whoever it is at the
top, the best preacher you've ever seen,
to the janitor, they all
have something they're believing for,
but God will come through for them all.
There's nobody any more special than the
other. You know what it is? It's being
obedient and doing what he's
asked you to do time and time again.
It's like, I have more respect for the
parking lot attendant than
somebody that's on the platform. They
showed up and wanted to help in the heat
and the cold
with no recognition,
no praise. They're out there. They're
sweating. They're cold. They're
freezing. And they're saying, 'Come over
here and
park.'And
they're doing it with all their heart
just because they love the Lord. But
then,
my goodness, when they get to
heaven,
the rewards that the Lord will heap on
them! All the years when I was at the
church cleaning up vomit spills and poop
spills from the nurseries and doing all
that, and they look at you and say, 'Man,
I'm so glad I don't have to do
that.'I
say, 'You know what? But
there's reward in it.'There's something
so beautiful about cleaning up
throw-up
on the floor for Jesus
and doing it, and no praise is given to
you about it, but just doing it with
your whole heart and saying, 'God,
if you can use this, then do
it with whatever I have.
Use whatever you
can. Somebody's going to get blessed
about this and somebody's going to
appreciate eventually that they didn't
smell throw-up when they walked down
the
hall.'But
it's time for people to humble
themselves and stop trying to fight
for the microphone.
Stop fighting for the microphone. That's
why in my church, I sit in the back. I
don't care about all that. 'You didn't
give me the microphone.'It's like, so
what? Everybody's fighting for a
position. 'I got to be behind the pulpit.
I got something to say.'Sit down. Sit down. You don't have nothing to say.
Sit down.
And
maybe they do, but I'm just saying a lot
of people are always trying
to—they
want their ego stroked, and
all that's crap. I wanted it for
years. I wanted it so bad. Boy, I
wanted
that. But I realize that he ain't
in it. It's in the still small voice, and
all the ego is so dumb in church. It
is. I said, "Man, if I could just
help out the guy."And so I always try
to do the same. I go to the same places and
eat, and talk to the people at the
restaurants, and go there and try to
witness to them and love on them. Even
if they're strung out on drugs
or whatever, or the guy on the corner
that's begging for money, I show up.
"Hey, here's a sandwich card."You know,
if I can just show the love of God to
somebody somewhere,
and nobody has to know that I did it.
I don't want nobody else's praise.
That's why if you sow in
secret, he'll reward
you
openly. If you pray for people, if
you're fasting in secret—well, you
know, it's like Jesus said, "You put the
sackcloth on, the ashes on their
head."They're
out there fasting, trying to
show off to everybody. What are you doing
all in public?
The public platform is only for
just a little bit of what everybody sees.
But the main work is whenever I get off
this camera.
Cultivation. Cultivation. Cultivation.
Keeping myself vertical, not going
horizontal, not worried about what y'all
say about me whenever I'm on this
live stream. If you're talking trash
about me, I don't know, but I'm just
saying, staying vertical. What does Jesus
say about me? What does the pastor say?
"Well, yeah, good job. Good
job."Who
cares? That applause only lasts for
a couple of seconds.
We're looking for God's approval, not
man's approval.
Yeah.
So what? And I told you there'll be
nobodies
in a matter of just weeks.
There'll be like that. God's gonna take
people and promote them so fast in these
days ahead. I've said too much. I just sit
here and
ramble. I have nothing
else to do. I was going to watch the
Thunder, but
I see there's people here. Oh, we have
5,100 people here. Well, praise the
Lord. Well, thank you for joining me.
Okay, let's pray. All right, this is
serious time.
Somebody said Thunder's winning.
Are they winning? I know. I figured they
would. They're good. I like the Thunder.
They're my team. I'll be right back.
They're my team. You talk to them,
Diana. I'll be right back.
Okay.
Hi, everybody.
I was reading some of the comments.
Let's see.
Yeah, Brandon. Brandon cleaned the
toilets and all that. Yeah,
he did a good job, too,
because
when we worked at that ministry for all
those years, I counted the offerings, and
the people at the
church were always like, "Your husband
cleans the bathrooms the best out of
everybody."Because
he always did it to
the best of his ability. So he wouldn't
just get water or whatever
and, you know, cut corners. He did the
very best he could. He used bleach and
cleaned it, and it always sparkled and
shined,
and they said, "We don't like
those other janitors. We like it when
your husband does it because he makes
the bathrooms smell so
good."I
do.
And when you're a girl and
you're going into a bathroom, sometimes
the bathrooms are disgusting. But he
always made them amazing.
Thank you.
And so
I did it unto the Lord. Yeah,
I said, "If Jesus goes to the bathroom in
here, what will he see when he
comes
in
here?"And
so, being married to him over
the years, like when we go anywhere, I
always, if I see something on the floor,
I pick it up because I know if I don't
do that, somebody else will have to. And
I've trained my kids the same way. We
walk, and you go inside. If you go
even going out to eat, we always try to
help clean up a little bit and put it in
a pile, make it easier on the
people, because
I made the bathrooms in that
church—if
you went in there, you could eat
off the floor. I kid you not. I
scrubbed those floors, and I bleached the
cracks. I did it all. And when you
walked in there, I did it
all. I washed the walls down. I said,
"You know what? I'm going to do whatever
I can."It
was
good in there. You didn't have to feel
like you were touching
something. You didn't have to get out
a
paper towel before you
touched the faucet. Like,
you knew it was clean.
Yeah, and I kept it that way.
Yeah,
there's others there, and they worked
hard, too, but I always tried to be
in
excellence. I tried.
Yeah, and I wasn't saying I always had it
right, but I'm telling you, I tried.
So, all right. Well, let's pray. Father,
we thank you, Lord, for the body.
I thank you, Father, for the body. And
we thank you, Lord, that you said, "By
your stripes, we're healed."You were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, for that body
that was broken for us. And we take this
body in the name of Jesus. And we thank
you, Lord, that we don't have to walk in
sickness. We don't have to walk in
disease. We don't have to walk in all
the things the devil tried to throw at
us because you took it all on the cross
for us. And we take this body in the
name of Jesus. And we give you all the
glory, honor, and praise for what you
did and what's already done. It's done.
Yes.
We don't have to have it, folks.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
According to Deuteronomy 28, those are
all the curses. There's a lot of curses
there. And if he's
redeemed us from all those curses,
that's what we take this body for. Thank
you, Lord, for redeeming us. Hallelujah.
Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we
make much of the blood. Father, we take
this blood, and we sit at your feet
today.
We thank you, Lord. If there's anything
you want to show us when we pray, fine.
If not, we're not here for it anyway, for
the visions. We're here for you. And
Lord, we don't emphasize, we don't focus
on the visions or what you show us, but
Father, we focus on you, Jesus.
What's your heart for us today? Is
there anything you want to warn us
that's coming? If not, then we'll
go on about our thing, Lord, and we'll
pray again tomorrow. But, Father, if
there's something there and you want to
warn us, then we humble ourselves before
you. And we thank you, Father, that
we're always a clean pipeline that
you get it through, Father. We take any
mess out of our pipeline, and we get it
right before you, Father. We get our
heart right before you, Father. You said
you inhabit the praises of your people.
And we thank you, Lord, that we sit at
your feet today. And we thank you, Lord,
that
we're not outside the circle, but
we're in the inner circle. We are your
children. We're your children. And you
love us as a father that loves his
children. And we take the blood, and we
apply the blood over our sin. And we
thank you, Lord. You say if we confess
our
sins, you're faithful and just to
forgive us our sins and
cleanse us from all unrighteousness. And
we apply the blood of Jesus over us right
now in the name of Jesus. Amen.
All around our house, all around us as
we pray, we cover our house in the
blood. We cover ourselves from the top all the
way around the bottom. No satanic or
demonic force can come against us. Every
tongue that rises against us, we condemn
it. And we plead the blood of Jesus over
us, Father. And anything you show us, I
cover my eyes in the blood. I only see
what you want me to see. And I only hear
what you want me to hear in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord. We thank
you, Lord, for this time of prayer in the
name of Jesus.
Father, we lift up the
Strait
of
Hormuz.
We lift up this Strait. Father, they
will not block the oil from coming
around the world, and we will not have
gas prices going above eight to nine dollars a gallon.
That is not you. Father, we come against
that in the name of Jesus. And we thank
you, Lord, that if it tries to raise its
head up, Father, we thank you, Lord,
that the angels of the Lord are around
and about our servicemen and women on
our ships all around, that this will be
ended quickly and no one will lose their
life. No one. I pray over Iraq and the
bases in Iraq, Lord, over every single
service member. We pray over our
men and women who are working
and doing things for our nation,
sacrificing
their lives to help us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're
protected and we put a hedge around and
about them in the name of Jesus.
Father, let there be no secret drone
attacks in Kuwait, Baghdad, or
any other area. We plead the blood of
Jesus over every single one of them;
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet, they're covered by the
blood of Jesus. I thank you, Lord, that
you give our generals, the Army,
the Navy, the Marines, and our Coast
Guard, all of them, supernatural eyes to
see what the enemy is planning way before
they plan it. They'll know and
they'll hear you even in dreams and
visions. Father, speak
to them and
maybe they will even entertain angels unaware. We
put angels around the camps
and around the places
where they are. We plead the blood.
Father,
we thank you, Lord, that the angels of
the Lord are around and about them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh them. Father, I thank
you, Lord. We pray a hedge of protection
around and about them right now in the
name of Jesus. What the devil means
for bad, God, you're going to turn it
around for good. Father, I pray over
every church service right now, the
churches all around America. We plead
the blood of Jesus over their
congregations, from Joel Osteen to
Rodney Howard-Browne to Steven Furtick to
all of them. Father, we cover these
megachurches
in the blood. We thank you,
Lord, that there's no weapon formed
against these churches that will
prosper. They're all our brothers and
sisters, Lord, and we cover them no matter if
you agree with them or you don't.
Father, we
don't care, we lift them up because
you love them. And Father, I thank you,
Lord. We lift up our brothers and
sisters, that they're always in the
right place at the right time, just like
Trump's ear. Father, you protected his
head. You protected his mind. You
protected him, and no bullet came
near
him that day. Father, the same thing
over these men of God. We pray a hedge
of protection around them, Father. And
what the devil's going to try to do for
bad, you're going to turn it around for
good. We call a bloodline around the
churches right now, all the churches
that are represented in America, from
the Gulf all the way up
to the Canada border, from
sea to sea. Father, we cover our states.
Oh, the Lord said,
'It's not just about America. This
is about a world
thing.'That's
what he just said to me. He said,
'You're missing it.'He said, 'You need
to pray over Australia, too.
You need to pray over Canada and over
Europe. This is an attack that's not
just about America.'He said this is an
attack that is trying to form against
the Christian
population around the world.
That's what he just said. That's why...
you say, 'What is he praying
in?'That's
tongues. That's tongues, praying in
tongues.
Google it. I don't know, let's just say
I don't have time to talk about
it.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank
you, Lord for the protection
over our churches. Yep,
Acts chapter 2. Don't tell me. He said,
'Brendon, just tell them, don't Google
it.'Acts
chapter 2,
that's what he just said. 'Don't Google
it.
In the book by Kenneth Hagin, Why
tongues? That's what you should look
up.'I
just got a little spanking
for that, so that's what the
Lord... He said, 'Don't say
that.'So
we pray over our churches from all
around, Father, that there is a hedge of
protection around them in the name of
Jesus. We cover them in the blood. We
cover them in the blood. We cover them
in the blood. And every plot of
pipe bombs
all around Europe, all around
France, all around these areas, we cover
them in the blood. We cover them in the
blood. The main
thing,
I see Australia very strong right now.
The Lord said
over Australia right now.
Yep, it's very strong about Australia. I
see Australian highlighted
in churches in California. I'm in
California right now, and I'm seeing the
churches in California.
I see the shaking again.
In California, a major
earthquake, a major earthquake.
This is a major earthquake, a major
earthquake,
and
it goes clear up.
I see it go all the way
through Oregon. It goes all the way
up through Oregon.
I see highways
shifting. Oh, bridges falling, bridges
falling.
We break that down in the name of Jesus.
Buildings are
swaying downtown.
This is in San Francisco because I just
saw the hills. I see
Oakland,
Sacramento,
over the churches, over the people.
We
thank you, Lord, for divine protection. Oh,
the plates of the earth are shaking.
The earth is
shifting. I hear
the Lord say the
earth is shifting. There's pressure on
the earth's crust. This is coming from
the sun. There
are
things with the sun.
I see Japan today.
A great magnitude earthquake in Japan.
A
great earthquake in Japan.
I see
British Columbia again.
Oh,
Jesus, oh, my.
Oh, Jesus, much loss of life.
Oh, Jesus, oh, Lord,
it
is
shaking, and there is
shaking.
I'm in British Columbia, and there
are
a lot of people who lose their
lives
there. We pray.
I see the people
in British Columbia.
We
pray
over the people of British Columbia
today, over Canada. A shaking
in Canada today, a
great shaking.
It goes clear up into
Alaska.
That's a great shaking,
a great shaking.
But the main focal point is right around
Canada, around this area. And it
goes
clear down into
the
Seattle area. But the main
epicenter area is right around British
Columbia. I see British Columbia, and I
see a lot of people go home.
You're going to see shakings, great
shakings in the earth in the days ahead,
birthing pains, birthing pains, birthing
pains.
I see volcanoes again right now.
I see a great
volcano going off in Hawaii again. I see
a
volcano going off again in Hawaii, but
it's big, like a big
thing.
The vision is coming so quickly and now...
A great shaking, a great shaking.
I'm seeing Europe right now. I'm
all in Europe right now, and
I can see Europe. I can
see there's something... I see
Berlin. It's
highlighted to me,
Berlin.
I'm not going to say that out loud.
We pray over Putin today.
We
pray over this war today. Not an
escalation,
but
a deflating of this.
This thing is
trying to get bigger.
I told you that spirit has been
messing with him.
It's like Hitler; there
is
demonic influence
from people. The influence, you see,
is
speaking. It
dark.
It's interesting because he just went
right there, and he didn't want me to
talk about it, and he went here.
I saw what he said, and
then I went 'boop'and he went
there. I'm in Italy, and I see
a
shaking coming to Italy. He went
from this, and we prayed over
a second, and he went 'boop'and went
right down here. He wanted to
talk
about Italy, and there's a great
shaking, a volcano coming to Italy again. I
see a shaking coming to Italy, a great
shaking coming to Italy,
and a shaking is coming to the
Catholic Church.
A shaking because I see the Pope, the Vatican. I see
a shaking in the Catholic
Church.
And the Lord
says,
'All hands on deck! Every tribe, every
tongue.'His
Son is about to...
Now I see India, the country.
I see a man with a white
beard
and
dark olive skin. He has
a
green-looking
robe on, a
green robe with a
golden front,
and
badges on his outfit. It is
a big
green
gown.
What about him, Lord? What about this
man? What about
the
decisions he will make? I hear that there are decisions he
will make.
He'll see it in the days ahead.
The Lord just
said, 'You're going to see it
in the days ahead. Decisions will be
made by this man. You'll see him on
the news. You're going to see this thing
with him; he's going to make some
decisions. But what we're
praying for is the decision that he
makes.'That's
what I hear:
big decisions for India in the days
ahead.
What we're praying for is
for
him to have the right mind concerning
this decision.
I don't
know what the decision is, but I'm just saying
this is what I'm seeing so far on
the
surface.
Now, okay,
I'm going to just say what
I'm seeing.
There
are
decisions that will be made
about Israel
because
of
what's going on in Israel. This is
what I see in the UN:
who stands and who doesn't. Decisions for
Israel, decisions that
don't—this
is a sheep and a goat.
Votes
are
coming. I see there's
something with this and the UN
regarding
votes.
Now, I don't know what they're going to
do with a vote.
Now I'm seeing Europe
and
Germany. Remember I went from
Germany, and I saw this
disarmament of Israel
trying to
come against Israel in the UN.
I'm hearing it
by the Holy
Ghost: a disarmament
trying to come against Israel in the UN.
Backlash! I hear the word right
then. Backlash!
Who will stand with
Israel? Who will stand
and who won't?
Pray
over
that
day.
I hear the words 'war
crimes.'I
see Bibi's face. War
crimes.
You know who that is.
There's a blessing and there's a
cursing.
Those you'll see a great
blessing, and those you'll see a great
cursing.
Lay open.
Praise the Lord,
that's a lot there.
There's a lot of people praying.
Thank you
for praying with me;
I appreciate it. It's a
lot of things here
to pray over.
Oh, Father,
we pray for the protection over our
pastors again.
We thank you, Lord, for
people to rise up with a backbone like a
crowbar. Father, that they are strong,
that they would
preach the uncompromising word. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that
they would preach
repentance.
Tell them
repentance, for Jesus is coming.
We pray repentance
to walk with Jesus.
Oh God,
he's coming.
The King is coming,
and so many are asleep. I hear him say there
are
so many asleep.
He's giving one last call.
A great shaking is
coming.
Signs in the heavens are coming,
fearful sights that will
bring them to their knees. They will see
the fearful sights,
and they will fall to their
knees.
There's one last call,
and it'll
be a
shaking in the churches all around the
world.
A great revival is coming, but first, he
is
cleaning
up the churches, for judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first.
It's a cleaning of the
churches. There's much sin behind the
pulpits, and a
purifying, a cleansing is coming.
It's happening
right now as we speak. Many people
that were there will not be,
and he's raising up new voices
that will sound the alarm that
the King is coming.
Look at the fig tree. It's loud; it's
yelling
in the Middle
East right now. It's yelling to you. Do
you not see it, or
have you become
so dead and cold that you don't see it?
Look at the fig tree. He says, 'Look at
the fig tree, close to
the end, and
the time is running
short.'The
sun is setting. Do you understand?
He's calling out for the harvest of souls.
From
what I see, you'll
be so thankful that you have Trump in
the days ahead. You'll be so thankful.
This isn't
about politics.
He says,
'A great shaking is coming. You'll need
great leaders, people to lead right,
who
don't have a reprobate
mind.'Pray
over his mind. The Lord says, 'Pray
over his mind,
that
out of the mind of Christ
he flows with
the Holy Spirit,
for he needs wisdom like
Solomon.'He
needs wisdom for what's coming. He needs
wisdom
to put good, righteous people around him
who
have
godly counsel. We take no
counsel from the ungodly,
and not anyone who is there just to
exalt themselves and promote a platform. We
need
people who are humble, even if a janitor has to come
up and help him.
Because people are
self-seeking; they want it because of
the platform. We need people around him
who
are not afraid to say the right things
like
Daniel.
You see,
they say, "Hey, this is what the Spirit of the Lord says."Joseph, this is
what the Spirit of the Lord
says,
that are accurate and not off.
We pray for those people. We pray, we
undergird this man. No weapon formed
against
his grandkids, his wife,
his children, Eric, Don Jr., and
all the girls, Father—over Ivanka, and
though
I don't know the other name, we pray
for
Tiffany
and
Barron.
Father, we pray a hedge of
protection around the children,
around the grandchildren, and around
Vice President Vance. We pray
protection around him, his wife, and
his children. Father, we thank You,
Lord. And over our senators. Oh, and I
do see Ted Cruz again. We pray over Ted
Cruz. Now, I don't know why I keep
seeing Ted Cruz, but there's something
going on with his health, and we pray
over his health. We pray over Ted Cruz's
health,
even if he doesn't know it, and it's
something in the future, you see,
with his colon
and his liver. We pray over his liver
and his colon.
Father, I thank You, Lord. Ted Cruz is
healed, whole, and well in
Jesus'name.
Some people are starting to go home. You
will
see some people start to
go home.
They're not going to be
here; they're stepping over.
But I'm not talking about politics right
now. I have to say that because I'm on
this livestream talking to you.
The Lord said, "You need to make that
clear, what you're saying."I said,
"Okay."I'm
seeing elders start to
trend; they're going to
start to go home more. It's going to
become more and more this.
And people say, "Well, of
course, they're old."No, it's
going to be evident. You're going to see
people start to go home. And
He's raising up new voices, new people,
new platforms.
Oh,
a passing, He said, a passing of the
baton. That's what He just said: a
passing of the baton.
They say,
"We're tired, we'll come home. They're
going to come home."And it gets
to the younger ones.
There's impartation coming.
It's not a mean thing; this is a
promotion. People don't look at going
home as a reward. They're
scared of death, because to be absent
from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And that's what He's saying,
that
this isn't punishment.
They're getting promoted.
They're getting
ready to go to their heavenly
place. It's beautiful.
Death isn't punishment; death is a
reward
when you've filled your life out.
For those who are in Christ, you're
getting ready to go get rewarded.
That's not punishment. People will
say,
"Well, they must have been
judged."No,
they've finished that
race. It's time for them to go home. And
the younger generation takes the baton.
It's promotion time, it's reward
time. That's what the Lord showed me. He
said, "People look at death as bad.
It's
not. It's promotion time for
an
eternity of blessing,
of
great rewards for what you've done for
Me on this earth."I heard it again
right then. He said, "What you sowed all
through your life, you'll reap it. This
is you're sowing seeds every single day
for what you'll reap in
eternity."This
is sowing time. We're sowing for
eternity.
Yes,
everything we do
behind closed doors in secret, He
rewards you openly.
The Lord said, "What you sow in secret,
I reward you openly."This time
right here that I have given you on the earth
is how you get promoted in heaven,
what I have for you on the other
side—great
blessings. And for the thousand
years,
I'm sowing for the thousand years.
Yes,
you can have this world all you want
to—finances,
whatever. I want the thousand
years.
What is on the other side and what
you'll be doing? I will not be a
janitor on this side and that side.
Yes,
no way!
Most people don't realize He
said that they're sowing today for what
they do for the thousand years.
How long is this going, son?
An hour and 50?
Two hours. Isn't that interesting?
Every time I feel it, the Lord tells me,
"You've been going long
enough."I
hear it, and we can close it up
soon. But we pray over our nation.
We pray over the Fourth of July. We
thank You, Lord, for the Fourth of July
and the people. Whatever this Macy's
thing is, we pray protection over
Macy's, over the Macy's
parade—and
Thanksgiving, but there was trees—we pray
over the Macy's in the summer. We pray
over Macy's for the Fourth, we pray for
Macy's over Washington, D.C., we pray over
Washington. We pray over these areas,
Father, and we thank You, Lord, that no
terrorist attacks, no plots come nigh it
in Jesus'name. Everybody is in the
right place at the right time, and any
plots, any plans of the wicked are
foiled. I pray over Trump's towers, over
his buildings, over his golf courses,
over his areas of what he has, his
family, what he owns. We pray a
protection around it in Jesus'name, that
the security will be on heightened
alert,
and they are suspicious about
everything. They're looking around,
making sure their eyes are peeled. They
know what's going on; they're not
taking their job lightly.
They are
very heightened in their job,
taking it seriously. This is very serious
right now. And we pray over every Trump
Tower, all his buildings, hotels, his
golf course, over Las Vegas.
We pray over Las Vegas and the people in
the hotel rooms. We pray over
the strip of Las Vegas.
We pray over Denver. We pray over
Houston. We pray over Dallas.
Father, we thank You, Lord,
there's protection over Los Angeles,
and over Seattle, and over
Phoenix, Arizona,
going all the way up to New York and
Miami, and over all these areas of
Detroit, over Chicago, and over
these areas. Father, we pray a hedge of
protection around this nation.
Every plot, every plan of the wicked
will be foiled in Jesus'name,
and
the Lord raises up a standard against
it. Everything the devil has meant for
bad, it will come to naught
in Jesus'name.
I pray over our railroads, over the
barges in the
Mississippi, over the major
ships
in the ocean. I pray over the water
supply, over our electric grid. I pray against
cyberattacks.
We come against
cyberattacks
in the name of Jesus, over
our electric grid trying to get people
too hot from not having
electricity
and dying from heat exhaustion.
Father, I thank You, Lord. And even over
this hurricane, we say we poke its eye
out even before it starts. You will not
destroy Florida. You will not destroy
any of our coastline. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that there is no hurricane,
no weapon formed against this nation. All
around and over Europe, and the
volcanoes and the things You're showing
me about Italy, we pray. And over
the war with Putin and all that's going
on with this, Father, let there not be an
uprising and escalation of this; we call
it down in
Jesus'name.
And whatever is going on with this man
in India and the vote,
what's going on with this, Father, I
thank You, Lord, that people make the
right choices and the right decisions.
Father, You hardened the heart of
Pharaoh, and then You softened it.
And Father, we may have a lot of
Pharaohs in the land right now—from
Xi Jinping
to Kim Jong-un to all
these people, from the man that's over
Venezuela. There's a lot of Pharaohs.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, that
Pharaoh was nothing to the mighty
name of Jesus, to El Elyon, the Most High
God, Jehovah Jireh. We pray a hedge around
and about these nations. And You told me
a major revival was coming today;
He said it when we were driving around.
He said, 'I'm going to visit Asia, and a
mighty supernatural revival will take
place in Asia, all over Asia.'And he
said, "I have not forgotten the people
of Asia,
and there will be,"he said, "because
they feel like they are the forgotten
ones."And
I saw so much oppression. And
he said, "Brandon, I'm bringing a great
revival over
Asia."And
I saw a lot of witchcraft,
mysticism, fortune-telling, and
things. And he said, "These people are...
I saw the people that were attracted to
that."And
he said, "I'm bringing the
real, the authentic
to these people: accurate prophets,
accurate words that the
people need to get."And I saw a
major revival coming to Asia,
and it's deflecting the glory to him.
It's all about Jesus. Remember that we
give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his
love. We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
Hallelujah!
But a great revival is coming. And I was
praying over Africa today, and I was
seeing over there, and I'm telling you
all, a major harvest of souls like we've
never seen before is coming.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Lord, are you done today?
Are we done today? Father,
we give you praise, for Jesus is coming
soon,
morning or night or noon. Many will meet
their doom; trumpets will surely
sound. All of the dead shall rise,
righteous meet in the sky, going where no
one dies, Heavenwe're bound.
My voice might crack here, but I'm going
to
hit... I'm going to try. And Jesus is coming
soon, morning or night or noon. Many
will meet their doom; trumpets will
surely
sound. All of the dead shall rise,
righteous meet in the sky, going where no
one dies, Heavenwe're bound.
I love that he's coming.
If people truly realized how close he
was—he's
standing at the door and he's
waiting for a great harvest of souls.
Great, great days are ahead for the body
of Christ. He once said, "Great days
of fun, Brandon,
great days of fun."Well, if you don't
know Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior and you're watching this
broadcast today, we want to lead you in
a
prayer. We want you to get born
again today. If I did all this
and
didn't give an altar call right now
and tell you that Jesus loves you and he
has a plan for your life, I would miss
it. You must know, my friend,
today. You must be filled
with the Spirit to overflowing.
It's time. Stop running from Jesus
and run to Jesus.
No, like I
said—I
told Diana all the time—no man is
promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today, the
undertaker might be taking them off on
your way home.
You're
trying to go home, and he's taking them
off in the morgue. We don't know. But I'm
telling you, to be absent from the body
is to be present with the Lord.
Either you're going to be present with
the Lord or you're going to be in hell.
You say, "I don't believe
that."Well,
that doesn't change it.
The
word
is
true. Regardless of whether you
believe it or not, the word is true.
And there's a price to
pay. If you don't accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior,
you have a heaven to gain and a hell
to shun. It's time to come home to Jesus
today.
So, I'm going to lead you in a prayer.
And if you want to accept
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior, I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. It's not all
religious; I'm talking about a
relationship. You say, "Well, the church
hurt me."I get it, I've been there. I'm
talking to you that is watching this
broadcast right now, and you say it was
not a coincidence that you're here. You're
just like, "I wanted to come see the big
bald-headed
guy and see what he sees
next."But
you came for more than that
because Jesus Christ has a plan for your
life.
And I want you to pray this prayer after
me right now, and you pray with all your
heart. Say, "Jesus, I want you
to be my Lord and personal
Savior."And
after you get done with this prayer, I
want you to comment in this live
chat and tell us, "I got born again
tonight,"okay?
We want to celebrate
with you. But let's do it
right now, right? Let's go to his throne
room. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God. I
believe you died on the cross and you
rose again on the third day. I
believe, Lord, that you died for me,
and I want to be saved. I want you to
write my name in the Lamb's book of
life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Father, I'm a sinner and I need a
savior. I need you. Cleanse me,
make me new. You said in your word,
Lord, if I confess my sins, you are
faithful and just to forgive me of my
sins and cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
I'm coming home. I'm not running
anymore. I need you.
I'm a mess.
But Lord, take this mess and do whatever
you can to fix it. Make me new
today."And
he's going to make you new.
It's that easy.
"I believe. Forgive me."That's it. "I
confess with my mouth. I believe in my
heart. I'm
saved."That's
all you do.
Now, that's easy, huh? He made it so
easy even a child can do it. "Father,
forgive me. I believe. I need
you."And
serve him all the rest of the days
of your life. And that's what you do. "I
serve you, Lord."Now, find
a Bible. Go to church. Tell the pastor
there, say, "I was just watching this
guy online and I need to be water
baptized."You
need to be water
baptized. Go get water baptized. Tell
everybody, "I got born again and I'm
going to serve Jesus."Go to
church, get baptized, volunteer there.
Find a Bible-believing church for real—a
Bible-believing
church. Not just any
church,
a
Bible-believing
church. And if you can't afford a Bible
and you say, "Brandon, I don't have the
money for a Bible,"and you're telling
me to get a Bible—Diana and I want to
buy you a Bible today. We're going to
buy you one. We'll send you one from Amazon
for free. We're not
going to solicit you, we're not going to
bother you, but you've got to email us.
Our email is in the description. If
you just put in the subject line of the
email, "I can't afford a
Bible,"and
then put your address, I will
ship you one off of Amazon.
We'd love to help you,
and we'll send it to you. But we
want to know down below if you
just got born again, you gave your heart
to Jesus Christ tonight. Tell us down
below. We want to rejoice with you.
The angels in heaven are
rejoicing with you.
Welcome to the family. Come all the time
and pray with us. We do this all
the time, and the Lord shows us what's
coming. We pray. We're going to tell
you what's coming in the news before it
hits the news, folks. That's what I
believe. Jesus brought us here. He said,
"Raise up a million-man
and million-woman
prayer army, and you'll pray
and change things."Oh, the Lord said we
can pray over the judge. Let's pray
this week the judge sides with the
crypto,
Judge Torres.
Father, we lift up Judge
Torres before you. And we thank you,
Lord, right now... Is it a female?
Yes, I believe so.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
her
heart... You said you harden the
hearts and you soften the hearts. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that her heart
is softened towards this and it gets
done. Satan, get your hands off of our
finances. Get off of it. Crypto
crashed
big this week and you're raising your
ugly head. And we thank you, Lord, that
things are going to turn around. Lord,
we pray a hedge of blessing
over us, Father, that whatever we
put our hands to will prosper. And so,
Father, I thank you that all blockages,
the kinks in the hose will go away
in Jesus'name. And we call blessing and
increase over every single one of y'all
that are believing for increase in every
area. We establish this
today. The Lord said, "You'll
want to push away tomorrow."But, Father,
he'll use the wealth of
the sinners laid up for the righteous in
all areas. And I'm believing that this
is going to happen, that something
supernatural is going to happen. Now, if
you don't believe that, that's fine. But
I believe it. And I don't know what you
want. I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm just saying pray for these people.
Pray for these judges. Pray for
them.
Because we know that we don't wrestle
against flesh and blood. We wrestle
against
principalities working through
personalities.
Yeah,
that
is what I'm trying to say. People, you
know, just like how the Lord uses us,
the devil tries to use those people. And
I'm just saying, well, we're going to pray
for them. We bless them. Bless them.
Bless those that persecute you. We just
need the outflow
of the finances, for the wealth of the
sinners laid up for the righteous, to get
the job done because what I've seen
coming even tonight, it's going to take
money. Those people in British Columbia
are going to need it. And I pray that
doesn't
happen, but I'm just saying, if it
did, that's going to take a lot to
rebuild
that. And I know it's the government,
those people, but the government
doesn't
rescue the people, all the homes, people
who lose stuff.
That's sad.
What I just saw was very bad, and
I saw a lot of kids dying. I saw a
lot of people going home.
And that's why it
touches me when you see human life that
is lost in rubble and you see them buried
in buildings and you go, "Oh
no."When
you get the heart of an
intercessor and you start praying for
things, you feel that and you go,
"Oh, the shaking going through those
areas."I
saw all that.
And you say, "When, Brandon?"I don't
know yet.
I don't know.
It's something I see. So, well, I
appreciate you all being here today. How
many people are here? 62. Wow, there's a
lot of people still watching this.
That's like a big mega church all at one
time.
Well, do they have any questions or
anything? I'll answer a couple
of
questions. Maybe
they're asking if you think it is
this.
Yes, it's that man right there. He has a
green outfit on, just like I saw that man
right there. What's his name?
He has a beard, a white beard.
M-O-D-I,
M-O-D-I.
Yeah, I
don't know how to pronounce it,
but yes, the man with the white beard.
That's him. He had a green outfit on,
just like that picture you're showing
me, son. It looked like a
robe.
Yeah, try to find it. He wears this
a lot.
That man right there is
going to make a decision concerning the
UN. There's something there. And the
Lord said, "That's why I was praying
for him."I don't know what that's all
about, but praying
into that. And then when I saw Putin
tonight, the Lord said there were things
that I saw that were bad. And I said,
"Don't say that out loud."And that's
why I cover that. Just keep
praying for him, especially.
Yep, that's that man right there with
the white beard. See his white beard
showing?
And who is that man?
Modi.
M-O-D.
What does he do?
Prime Minister, I think.
Yeah,
okay. Well, that's why he has to make a
decision.
So we pray over this man because what
he's going to... I saw people standing
for Israel, and I saw people standing
against Israel. A vote, a disarmament.
That's what I can go over now that
I've
stopped praying. But I saw a
disarmament, like they're going to come
against what's going on with Iran,
and votes against it. Now, what could
they do with that? That's what I don't
understand. I'm not educated enough to
know. Can they actually do something?
What is that going to do? I
don't understand what kind of power
they have to do that.
And you were saying war crimes in China.
Yeah, I heard allegations of war crimes,
and then I saw China. China
and these people were saying "war
crimes."They
were crying out "war
crimes"against
Israel, against America, saying things
like,
"Listen, they shouldn't have
done what they did."And an
uprising of—it's not
anti-Semitism, but it is—but it's up
against anti-Israel stuff coming. Great
voices crying out. And I saw UN
meetings, people upset about this
weekend.
Yeah, and the goats and the sheep.
Yeah, I saw goats and sheep. The Lord
said there's a blessing on the
sheep and there's a curse on the
goats. And I was hearing blessing
and cursing, blessing and cursing, and
I saw that. And then I saw
the earthquakes, a lot of earthquakes.
And I saw Japan—I saw
major earthquakes coming, major. I saw
volcanoes again coming, major volcanoes.
And then I was
praying over that, and
my
main focus, the epicenter, was British
Columbia. Pray over British Columbia.
And I saw a great shaking in British
Columbia. Major buildings
falling in British Columbia, and it went
clear down. And I saw
Oakland,
Oakland. I
saw—I
heard
that name
shaking there, San Francisco, and
it went all the way down to Los Angeles.
And then I saw in the middle of
California, shaking all over. I saw
major shaking in California,
earthquakes. Oh, bridges falling, I saw
bridges falling. I'm actually talking
about big bridges, like
those highways that have the
cement, and the bridges that you
go in the air,
the suspended
ones.
Yeah, they were falling.
Those bridges like that, those suspended
bridges like the ones you
go on on the highway, they were falling.
Not all of it, but
sections of it were on the ground, like
falling out. Sections of it in the air
were falling on the ground. I saw that,
and I saw major houses being shaken.
And then what was
interesting, when He said "from sea to sea
to sea to sea,"and I could see it, but
there was shaking on the New Madrid,
the—what's
the one in the middle
by the Mississippi?
The one by the Mississippi. No, not
the
Golden Gate Bridge.
There's—I
saw
earthquakes by the
Mississippi, right there by
Missouri down there. There
were starting to be tremors
there.
And that's what the Lord
said, "Pray over this."But then I saw
things with the sun, and that's why He
was talking about the sun tonight. And I
saw shaking of the sun, explosions on
the sun, major sun stuff,
sun flares, major things. And I saw
fearful sights in the heavens. Major
fearful New Madrid,
New Madrid, everybody's saying
that. Thank
you,
thank you,
you helped us.
Shaking, but there wasn't a big
earthquake on that New Madrid. I saw
shaking. A fault line was
becoming active,
active. I didn't see anything big, but I
saw activity like five-fives, you know,
fours, but it starts to wake
up.
That's what I was seeing, it was waking
But the one out in California was
bad, like 9.0, like big. The one in
British Columbia was big, but it was
involving the volcanoes and the
thing in the water. And the one that was
happening in Japan was shaking, and I
kept seeing Mount Fuji again. I
could see the
top of that thing, and it was starting to
look
like it was coming alive. There's
something happening, major stuff. But
the Lord said, "Watch the
sun."I
saw things happening with the sun,
shaking
of the sun, and He said,
"Fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your knees."Thank you, Holy
Spirit.
And an uprising, and that
canal—not
Panama, the one over there by
Iran, all this stuff going on over there.
Yeah, the strait, there's a
waterway there.
And that's what I was seeing right
there. And to pray over that because there
are
things in the
days ahead—Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday—praying
over this over the
next week. There's going to be
disruptions there. And the Lord said,
"Pray over that."And I
saw them being straightened
out
for
praying over that. This is Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday, I saw these days
ahead of it, praying over it. The next
week praying over that
disruption and causing the oil prices,
causing these things to go up in the
economy. But I'm talking about major,
major oil is underneath these soils.
Big money.
Big
money.
So, I don't know. I pray that blesses y'all
there. It's a lot of work. I always
feel so tired when I'm done. I feel like
I've run a marathon. When I get done
with these, I go, "Okay, I'm done. I
need to go rest now."But I pour
everything into it.
This is in Oakland. That bridge.
Oh, it's a big... That's
beautiful. That's the Golden Gate
Bridge.
Oh, it is? Yeah.
Yeah.
So, all right. Oh, and praying over the
churches. I saw more of it, but the Lord
said to me, "If you're only
praying over America's churches, you're
missing it. You're missing it."Oh,
and
pray over Australia. Australia was
highlighted to me.
And I saw attacks, lone wolf
attacks coming to Australia,
trying to be... and I saw Queensland,
Australia, it was highlighted. It was
the opera house,
and I was seeing... praying over this,
praying over the churches in Australia,
in Germany.
Yeah. And I saw Germany, and the Lord was
showing me Germany, but that was
connected to Russia. And then he said
there's votes, and I saw the prime
minister of Germany and
the vote and coming against Israel
having a stand in Europe, with
these people saying, you know, if they're
for him or against them. But I saw the
Lord kept telling me, "Pray over
Berlin,"and
I could see Berlin. I
was praying over Berlin, and I was
praying over Berlin. I don't know why I
was praying over Berlin, but I was
praying over Berlin, and then there
were
things there with Ukraine.
So,
I don't know.
Well, like I said, do they have any
questions? If not, I'm going to go.
It's 11 o'clock. I've probably been on here
a while.
What do they say?
Praying over Orlando, Disney.
Yes. Praying over Orlando and Disney.
That was LA. That was two videos ago or
a video ago. Lord showing me... I'm not
going to go into that now again, but
over the staff. I'll just say that.
Pray over the staff
of Mickey Mouse.
Pray for the people who work in the
park.
I don't know if they go through security
checks or not, but if they weren't, and
these people are high in that,
praying over the people that are in the
staff, the workers. I don't know
how, a well-thought-out plan in Anaheim and
in Orlando, and praying over
Universal,
praying over that, and then a
cover-up.
I could see money, money,
summer months, summer months. We can't
say nothing because we don't want to
scare people out, because
they're in trouble financially.
I saw trouble in the finances concerning
Disney. Like they are
desperate for tourists,
desperate for people to come. And if
they have a disruption, it makes people
scared and they even back off even more.
So it's like, "Oh, we've got to keep this
underneath the rug."And I saw a sweeping
of a rug pulling up, and I saw a
sweeping of this trying to hush, hush,
hush. And I heard that word,
hush, hush, hush. We must be
quiet.
Pray for the troops that guard our
borders.
Yep. And praying over them that they'll
find these tunnels. I saw major tunnels
that went from... that were secret,
hidden things.
And it's more than just one.
People wanting to know how to practice
hearing the Lord. A couple of people,
you practice his presence. You know,
when you're
listening to the voice of the Lord, you
practice it. And how I used to do it
was watching sports with him.
He would tell me about, like, the
Thunder plays, and he'll tell me...
we'd talk about things and he'd tell me
the score and he said, "this is what's
coming"and
I'd practice that. And
by practicing his presence, I'd
just sit there and listen to him. We'd just
talk. "Father, hey, how's your day
today?"When
you get real with God, he'll get real
with you. I'm not religious.
Nothing's religious with me. There's not
a religious bone in my body. I think
religion is terrible. Well, these thous
and thuses,
who cares about all that?
Stay grounded in the word.
Stay grounded in the word. Find the
word. Find scripture first. And don't be
trying to listen to voices. That's for
one. Don't get all flaky and get off
into weirdo land.
"Well, I'm listening for a
voice."He's
the still, small voice inside of you
that's quiet.
He doesn't yell
unless it's danger, I'm sure. But
most of the time, he's that
still, small voice inside of you.
He's quiet. And as you develop it
and you practice it, he gets louder
because you recognize it. And you know
what? Just like how Diana is sitting
right here, if I could put her on the
other end of the house and you put a
bunch of women talking, I could
figure her voice out out of
everybody in that room talking. Just
having a blindfold on, I could tell you
where she's at. I'd say, "Babe, just talk
and all these women are going to
talk."You'll
have a hundred women in there and
I'm just going to sit back, and if you
just talk in a normal tone, I'm going to
know my wife's voice. Why? Because I'm
familiar with her. It takes time.
Yeah, it takes time. I know
her because I'm around her all the time.
But I know Diana's voice.
And I say, "Yep, that's my baby
right there. She's over there.
She's right over here in this part right
here."Why?
Because I'm familiar with her.
And the more you practice it, no matter
how much is going on here,
all these other voices,
flesh, everything else, you're going to
know the father's voice. Uh-huh. And
it's like whenever my kids or
even anybody coming down the hall, I'll
know whose footsteps it is.
I can tell by the way they walk.
I can tell who's coming down the hall,
if it's my husband or if it's
which one of my children, I know exactly
what it is. And they don't even have to
say a word.
And it's like even whenever you're in
the bathroom or whatever or
I'm in my room, when someone walks
in, I won't even have to turn around and
I know who it is. Even if I don't hear
their footsteps,
my family, every individual has a
presence. So, I can tell if it's Braden,
his presence, and they always tell me,
"Dad, mom, that's scary. How did you
know it was me?"And because they'll try
to, you know, sneak in, you know, when
I'm reading the Bible or something
and I'm not even looking towards
their direction and I'll go, "Hey,
Braden. Hey, Paisley."And I'll... or
whoever it is and they'll, "How did you
know it was
me?"because
I just know them. I gave
birth to them. I'm married to him. So, I
just know who it is.
When you're in covenant with somebody,
you know,
when he comes in the
room, I'm like,
"Yeah,
I was like,
'Hey,'but
that's the same way it is with the
Lord.
The more you... you say, "Well, how do you
know that's not the devil talking to
you?"Well,
my goodness, the devil is a
torment. And he always comes as fear.
And he doesn't come...
he's not going to tell you first. He's
not going to tell you to read the Bible
ever.
No. And he's not going to tell you to
tithe. I can tell you that.
"I'm tempted to tithe."You know, it's the
devil doing it. He's telling me to give.
Is that the Lord telling me to do that?
No. Well, I think so, cuz I can tell you
this. The devil ain't going to be
telling you to do it.
No.
"I think the devil's tempting me to
give."Get
behind me, Satan.
So, you know,
I'm not listening.
Yeah. He wants me to go pray.
Yeah.
"I feel the urge to
pray."Yeah.
"The devil's telling me to go
pray."No,
I'm just, you know, it's not funny.
But at the same time, people
need to know God's not a god of
confusion either.
God doesn't torment. He leads with
love
and he leads with peace,
and it's always that still small
voice inside of you. If you develop it,
it gets lighter. It's like being in
tune. It's the antenna on a
radio. It's real staticky, and you
keep turning it in. But the more you
turn it in and you get it, and your
antenna is up, the more you hear.
It's tuning it in, and it
takes time.
Yeah,
it's not a microwave.
No,
it's practicing every day.
And you'll get it wrong, and you'll miss
it so big. And I've done it, and you go,
'Ah.'But
you just keep going.
Don't let that beat
you up. People go, 'Wow, you are false.
You missed it. You did that.'Well, you
know what? If you did, you
messed up.
Who is who? I'm going to
tell you this. We hear bits and
pieces
of every prophetic voice in the Bible.
But I'm going to tell you this. Some of
those
people lived to 100 years old or
whatever, right? We don't know
all their story of all the times they
may have missed it. We don't know. But
people are people. They're human, and
every single one of them was human.
So we only get a highlight of just a
little bit of a part of their life.
We don't know the whole story
until we get to heaven and meet
Joshua or any of these
others,
or David, or even Jesus.
We get a little glimpse of something.
Yeah, Haggai,
Haggai.
Well, I know I
mentioned prophets and then I mentioned
David, but I'm just saying
out of any
character in the Bible. But out of
the prophets like Jeremiah or whoever,
you get a glimpse of something,
but you don't know the whole story. What
happened to Jonah,
right?
We hear one little thing about Jonah and
he disappears. What happened to him?
Was that the end of his story?
Was that the end of his days? Did he
just die after that? I don't know,
it doesn't say.
But all we know is we got a little
glimpse of something,
and we go, 'Well, that wasn't the whole
thing. We know he got ticked off and
went on a boat and didn't want to, and
the fish ate
him.'And,
well, that was cool. Then he
repented and did what he was
supposed to do, and then he got mad at
God for saving him. But look at
that,
seriously, and we go, 'What is
that?'But
we saw it, and it's like, 'Well,
that's a cool story, but there was a lot
more to his life.'I'm sure he
prophesied a lot more than that.
You know,
it's like the highlight.
I don't believe Jonah was
a one-hit wonder.
No,
I believe there was a lot more to his
story, but we never heard about it, or
any of these others. It's going to be
fun to meet them in heaven and hear
their whole story.
We just got a glimpse into their life in
this beautiful book because, I'm going
to tell you this, if I did a book on
my life, you'd probably read it for
several days because it
would
be a big book,
and that's the way it is. But some
people just—I don't think they think
that way. I'm like, 'Man, the disciples,
there's a big book there
of each one of them.'I want to hear
about Peter's life. I want to know
about Matthew's life. Tell us
more than just what the Bible says.
This is highlights. It's like going
through somebody's Facebook,
their Instagram reel.
Their Instagram reel. You go, 'Oh,
there's the highlights.'But that's
really, that's really a no-brainer right
there. I'm like, 'No, it's not. It's
just my
Facebook.'Yeah,
I don't know. It's just me trying to
be real with y'all. I know. But I'm just
saying, I think we just got to be—what I'm trying to say
with all that is, we
don't beat
ourselves
up if we miss it.
You just keep on keeping on.
We are a work in progress.
Yes,
everybody's a work in progress,
and we walk in love, and we
just say, 'Hey, man,
we just don't
know.'So,
I don't know, I bless y'all.
I appreciate you being here tonight. Did
they enjoy it? Did they have any other
questions?
I hope I answered that well enough. I
don't know, that's just me. I just
practice it. And it was with sports or
weather. I told you that I pray
about the weather, and He'd tell me,
'There's storms coming on this day, and
you're going to get this much
rain.'But
you're really into the weather.
I love the weather.
He's really into sports. So it's
personal. He's a personal God. He's
personal to us. He made us. He
knows what we like, and we're made
in His image. So your interests may
be different, and He meets you where
you're at. It says, 'Ask, seek, and
find...
knock and the door will be opened to you.
Seek and you shall find.'And I believe
as we do that,
yeah,
wherever. You may be into cars, you may
be into baking,
you may be into reading
books,
you may be into doing gardening. And
He'll talk to you about the tomato, when
the best time to plant it, or how, 'Hey,
if you do this...'Remember George
Washington Carver, one of my
favorites, George Washington. I
encourage you, 'The Man Who Talks with
the Flowers,'go get that book. If you've
never read that book, oh my gosh, I love
George Washington Carver. But he was
gifted
in
hearing the Lord about when to plant the
peanut,
and the Lord would speak to him about
peanuts, and about the cotton and
everything, and certain clays,
and his testimony is beautiful. But his
thing was finding out ways to do things with
peanuts. And I was
like, 'Isn't that
amazing?'But
he woke up every day and talked
to the Great Creator at 4:00 in the morning
and spent time with Him.
It's spending time with Him.
Most people—'Well, I don't know, He
never talks back.'No, no, no, be
quiet. We ratchet-jaw too much. Be quiet
and listen. 'Well, that's my
imagination.'Practice.
'Father, I thank You.'Let me
sing You a song. 'Let me sing You a song
today. What song would You like to
hear?'You
might hear inside of
yourself, 'Amazing Grace.''Well, I'm going
to sing Amazing Grace.'And you get done.
'Well, try this one.'But I'm practicing,
and then you'll feel the presence of the
Lord come, and you'll go, 'Oh, He liked
that. That's a good one. All right,
let's sing something else to
Him.'I
don't know, and I'm telling you all, I
don't know a lot of the words, and I'm
just trying to sing songs. They go, 'Well,
you know, we make a joyful noise unto
the Lord.'I try to find the song words.
I told her, I said, 'Would you look it up?'She
goes—I
was like, 'Hold
on.'She
goes, 'Brandon, yes, the Lord
always...''Hold
on, Lord, I've got to find the
words,'and
it interrupts the flow, you
know. So I do what I can to sing
to Him, but He just loves it.
It's from your heart. That's all
that matters. 'Make a joyful noise
unto
the
Lord.'Even
if you make up the words,
just sing to Him.
Still honor Him.
Yeah, love on
Him.
Give Him a birthday present. You know,
bake Him a cake.
Yes,
do stuff that's personal. 'Let me
get You a present.'He knows what's behind
the box, but you wrap it up anyway. Say,
'I bought You a present
today.'I
got You an ice cream today. I don't
know.
'I'll eat mine and I'll eat Yours, too.
I hope You don't
mind.'Oh
my goodness.
But since You're dwelling on the
inside of me, I think we can share.
Hot fudge sundae for you and half a
sundae
for me, Lord.
Oh my, I'm good.
You like cinnamon rolls, so do I.
Oh no.
I don't know you, I just try to be real
with Jesus, don't you? It's good. And
that's what I think. If people just stop
being so religious and look at Him as a
God that I want to talk to
and just be friends with Him, say, 'You
know what? My day really sucked
today.'I'm
just being real with y'all. And
that's probably not a good word to use,
but that's what I say. 'God, I hated this
day. I want You to help me
out.'He
knows your heart and what you're
thinking anyway. You ain't hiding
nothing from Him. So when you get real
with God, He's got to get real with you. And
most people try to be all, 'Oh Lord, I
don't want to let You know that
I'm thinking this bad thought and I'm
angry.'He
already knows you're thinking it.
Just be real with Him.
'Father,'because
He knows what you're thinking before
you're going to think it. And He knows
what you're going to say before you're
going to say it,
and there are no surprises.
'Well, I had a bad word today and I
shouldn't have said it, you know.'Well,
He
knew it.
Ask Him for help. Just say, 'Father,
help me. I'm having struggles in this
area. Help me not do this.'Don't try to
hide it from Him. When you sin
and you repent about it, it's not
when He found out about it.
No,
it's when you got rid of it.
When you repented, it's not when God
found out about it.
No,
He says, 'Well, shocker.'Did you know
He did that? Jesus, you know, He's
looking at him. Yeah.
Seriously, He's making intercession for
us. And the more you become real with
Him and say, 'Father, I just love You.
And You know, I'm mad. You know, I
shouldn't have said that. Help
me. Help me, Holy Spirit.'And He's
there. He's an ever-present help in a
time of need, and He's up there going, 'I
know, Brandon.'I'm telling you, that's
how real I am with Him.
I walk around just talking to Him. And
you get all flaky. People are going to
say,
'Well, you know, you can't take communion
unworthily. You're going to be damned to
hell forever.'And I'm like, 'No, this is
real to me. He is real to
me.'And
that's when I've prayed
for people and they get healed, I'm
expecting it. When you pray for
dogs and they get up from the dead, and
He says, 'Brandon, I'm working with
you. I'm growing you. Things are
happening.'Well,
you see angels like I
was
talking about earlier at the
beginning of this. It's important. Not everybody
is
going to see; I get that
sometimes, you know. I'm walking
around
expecting
it, but it's not my point of praying.
I want a relationship with Him. And
if He doesn't share anything with me that
way in the car or whatever, it's fine. I
just talk to Him. But if He does, I'm
like, 'Hey, that was cool. That was
icing on the
cake.'You
know,
you don't seek His hand; we seek His
heart.
Yeah, we seek His face. We seek His
heart. I'm looking for Him.
'Where are You at, Lord, in all this, with
all the stuff going on with Israel right
now and all this stuff going on in the
world, with all these warnings You're
giving me? Where, Father?'I thank You,
Lord. Let's just be real.
Somebody said, 'Jesus knows how dumb we
are.'Yes.
Yes, He does. He knows. Marshall, that
was funny.
Marshall, thanks, Marshall. Yeah, He
does. He knows.
Anybody else say anything?
'I made a post for God for Father's Day
and told Him, Happy Father's
Day.'That's
precious.
Yes. Happy Father's Day, Father. He's
the ultimate Father. If anybody deserves
a happy Father's Day, it's Him. He puts
up with all our messes.
He's like, 'Oh
gosh.'Oh,
somebody wants to pray for the
hidden truths in Mel Gibson.
Yeah. Father, we thank You for Mel
Gibson, that You continue to bless him.
Father, that he'll make this movie and
everything is going to be all right with
him. Father, this movie is going
to be over the top. Whatever he needs,
Father, I thank You that he lacks no
good thing. Father, You protect him. You
guide his mind. Father, I thank You,
Holy Spirit, You speak to him and You
show him what he's supposed to do and
how the actors that are there,
that they rise up and be with him.
Father, that they would say, 'Hey, I
want to be a part of it.'Good actors,
not people that you go, 'Oh, they
shouldn't have been in the
movie.'I'm
talking about good actors with good
talent, great talent.
I thank You, Father, for supernatural
wisdom on how to direct this film and
the funding to get it done, and that
many lives will be saved because of it.
And the truths are exposed. I'm already
believing that. Yeah,
the truths are coming. I'm
believing we're going to see those on
the news,
y'all. I saw it today. I'll tell
you some of that; it was kind
of private to us. But walking
in the glory of the Lord in these
latter days, I saw that the Lord was
telling me. He said, 'Brandon, this
should not be abnormal.
It should be the norm. Hearing Me
should not be like your shock and
awe.
We should hear Him all the
time.'He
talks and we should develop it. Step
into the river.
And I saw the healings coming. I saw the
manifestations of the healings and the
demonstrations of what the Lord
is
about to do. And I was praying for Asia
again. And I'm telling you, man,
we have some amazing days ahead.
Amazing days ahead. I'm excited.
I don't know if y'all are,
but I'm anticipating that we don't
have church as usual; we have church
unusual.
Yes!
People will go, 'That church service was
awesome. You know, the glory of the
Lord is so strong in
there.'We
were just like out in the
Holy Ghost and just rolling around or
whatever, I don't know, just the
presence of the Lord. You're just
enjoying His presence.
Yes.
You know, it's time to get excited
about what God is going to do in these
last days.
Instead of being a Debbie Downer,
I'm just like, I'm not going to be a
Debbie Downer. We're
going to be excited about what Jesus is
doing. I don't know how many people are
on
right now. Are y'all watching in
America, or are y'all watching in Europe
right now, or in Australia? What
time zone is it right now? I
know it's here in
the evening, almost Monday.
We're almost to Monday. Is there a lot of
people?
Florida, California,
Korea,
Wichita,
Kansas,
San Francisco, Canada, Australia,
Hong Kong.
What do they say about September? I saw
that right there.
What's in September?
This is what's interesting about
September. I saw it highlighted. Okay.
So, the
whole... It was like a calendar, you know,
like one of those big calendars that you
get in an Office Depot or whatever, and
it's a big paper calendar. I saw each of
the squares. It was really bold
with black. And then I saw about
Rosh
Hashanah
down there, and I saw it highlighted.
Okay. But during this thing,
it was circled with a big circle
around September.
And then there was dust, like some kind
of dust.
Like when you see a dust storm or
sandstorm, that's what was on top of all
the numbers in the calendar
spaces. It was
like a brown sandy dust was all over it.
And I don't know what that means, but
the Lord highlighted it. He said, 'Watch
September,'and
He circled it.
And I was like, 'Well, that's
interesting.'And
that was the same time
He said, 'Watch the 14th
to the 6th of
July.'And
I said, 'Okay.'And He said, 'But
this is what I think is interesting,
too, okay?'And my son, we talked
about this this morning.
He said, 'Remember what I said? Pearl
Harbor
attack.'Pearl
Harbor. He said, 'Go back and look
at the history. When did that happen? They
were not anticipating; they were not
expecting it. When are people not alert
and expecting things, right?'So He said,
'You have to go back, right?'Right now,
everybody is on heightened alert,
expecting a
retaliation from Iran for what we did
last night, right? So everybody is like,
'We're really
watching.'Heightened
alert and security. We're in a Defcon 5
or whatever. You know, everybody's
really, really heightened right now. But
the Lord said, 'Watch when no one is
watching.'And
He said, 'Remember
Timothy
McVeigh?'And
I said, 'Remember Timothy
then He said to me, 'You're looking
at the major cities, the major ten, but
watch the smaller ones, like Omaha,
Nebraska.'And
I said, 'Omaha, Nebraska.'And so I
looked at the population, had him do it,
and there's not even a million people
there. I mean, Tulsa
is
bigger than Omaha, Nebraska. So he was
showing me that just because it's a
major city like Las Vegas, people
are focused on Phoenix, Arizona,
Houston,
and
Los Angeles—these big ones—but it was
about the small ones, like Oklahoma City
is a small city. It's smaller than Tulsa
from
what I understand, right? So you're
focused on these big ones, and the Lord
is showing me that the lone wolf attacks
are in the small places. Pray over this. This is
what we're praying for: praying against
lone wolf attacks,
organized ones, but Pearl Harbor events
from the enemy within, a Red Dawn
experience.
And that's what I was praying over
because most people are going, 'Well,
you know, we're all the way through the
sixth.'Yes,
we're praying over the Fourth
of July. Major deal. Praying over that.
But it's about other things
when you're least expecting it. It's
like Pearl Harbor.
And so I don't want to always
emphasize that right now, for the
next two weeks, is the heat of
the thing. Yes, that was highlighted,
but there's more to it because the Lord
brought it up to me again in prayer.
Don't forget about Pearl Harbor stuff.
Don't forget to pray over your nation
when people are not heightened,
when
they're not expecting it,
they're not on alert.
Well, I guess they forgot about it. Just
like when you say, 'Well, Iran, they
must have forgiven and
forgotten.'They
don't care. I don't know, sounds stupid,
but you know what? That's water under
the bridge. Whenever you least
expect is when you get your toe
smashed. And that's why I was talking
about boxcars. I saw these trains, I
saw those vans, I keep seeing the
vans, I keep seeing the trucks with
massive amounts of fertilizer,
and praying over that, praying over
the ships and things like that,
praying over just protection over our
nation. It's not a 'one and
done'—'one
and done, it's
over.'No,
it's continually dipping in the river,
protecting. That's why I say we take
our seat every day,
praying over, listening to Him every day
because most people go, 'Well, you know,
I'm going back into my
relaxed zone.'Right now, everybody's
heightened because we did it last night,
and I told you it was coming on
Saturday, just like the Lord said. Now
He's saying, 'Pray over these time
frames.'And
I'm seeing about the Strait of
the Strait
thing, this
praying over Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday. Pray over these days,
like tomorrow, the next day, the next day,
the next day. I see it on a
calendar. Pray over these time frames. And
so, okay, I don't know about that, what's
going to happen with that, if they're
going to try to raise their head up and
say, 'We're going to not let any ships out,
and we're going to cause oil to crash,
and oil might go up because we're
not going to allow it, and the gas
prices.'What
I'm talking about is major gas wars
and all this stuff. So I don't know, we'll
see. I'm just telling you, I hear in
part, I see in part. I don't have
everything perfect.
I just do my best and I pray.
What happened?
No, oops, sorry.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
Gray ash on the East Coast,
the gray ash. I still don't know. Do you
know Braden went back and he looked at
how many times I've seen that gray ash
in our personal files of what
I've seen? I have seen this many times,
and the Lord tells me to watch about
this gray—it's a gray substance, and it
looks thick like jelly,
thick like stuff.
It's bad, and it's on the states and
they're all outlined. I see this gray
blob; it's like gray-looking jelly stuff.
It looks like soot.
But even when I told everybody, I
saw a nuclear explosion happening up
north around Pennsylvania, and I didn't
remember the Lord spoke to me about that,
and it was a mushroom cloud. And after
that, I saw the gray stuff,
and everybody's like, 'Oh.'And he
brought it up. He said—because he goes
through my archives—he said,
'Dad, do you remember giving this
word?'And
I said, 'No, I don't remember
that.'I
saw the two hotels, and they had Trump's
name on them, and they
exploded from the inside out. I saw that,
and it was in the Chicago area, and the
Lord said, 'Pray over this. Pray over
his headquarters of his
businesses.'And
so I just get this
stuff and I pray for him. I respect
him. You know, wasn't it amazing, you all,
when he said, 'God, we love
you'?
Wasn't that awesome? I don't know about
you, but it gave me goosebumps
because it was from the heart. You could
see he was holding back emotion with
that, like, 'Lord, thank you for
protecting our troops. Thank you for
protecting us. And God, we love
you.'It
was a vulnerable moment.
It was a beautiful moment.
Yeah,
you can't fake that.
And I was like, 'Oh, God, we love
you.'I
said, 'Thank you, Lord. I get that. I
get
it.'So,
I think Christians United for Israel
is
this week or something
at the White House. I think there's
actually an event there. So, we pray
over that, from what I heard Sister
Billie
talking about, that they're actually
having an event in Washington, D.C. this
week. The Christians are going and
praying with the Hagees, John
Hagee.
So, that's pretty cool. A lot of
neat stuff happened with that. I don't
know if that's a yearly thing or
whatever,
but I love John Hagee. I like to
listen to him talk about teaching on
Revelation. It's pretty neat.
There's not a lot of people that teach
like that. It's just kind of over my
head. You know, sometimes when I listen
to Perry Stone or whoever, I just go,
'Wow, that's so over my head.'He talks
real fast, and I try to understand what
he's saying. He is
really
brilliant, you know? And when you're
listening to him, I'm going, 'Ah, I'm just
real simple.'And so I just go, 'Come
on, man, can you talk like a
kindergartner
here? He's talking a different language.'So I like
to listen to people that... I say,
'I don't get it,
sorry.'But
Sister Billie tries to help me.
I listen to her stuff and I get
okay. I've listened to a lot of Charles
Capps
and Hilton Sutton and stuff like
that about the end times, and there's
not a lot of people who teach it that make
it where you can understand it.
But John Hagee does.
No,
John Hagee does for me. I like it. I
go, 'Yeah,
that book is...
wow.'Sorry,
I was reading your little chat.
That's actually really
entertaining. You could be on there
watching that for hours, couldn't you?
That thing is moving.
Sometimes it goes really fast.
Oh, it was moving very fast when you
asked them questions or something, or
where they were from. It was going very
fast.
So, they're all over the place. A lot of
Americans around here.
Yeah, I asked them. 76% are from
America.
Really?
Yeah. Well, only a thousand people,
1,300 voted.
What is that? Population is 5,000. What?
My population is 5,000.
All right. Well, I don't, like I said, I
don't want to bore y'all. We could talk
and just hang out with y'all, but
I know everybody's
trying to probably get ready for bed
and try to do stuff, especially here in
America. So,
God bless you all. Remember, we
did the altar call. I appreciate
everybody. I'm excited for everybody who
got born again. Thank you for praying
with us. Thank you for doing this
livestream
with us. I wasn't going to do
it tonight, and I told Diana, I said,
'But I feel an urgency to pray.'And so
I'm glad we did. I feel like we
did. We did it.
We worked it out. We got
it done. God is so good.
So, we love you all. Thank you for
being kind. And like I said, we had some
people try to film us—we were
in a store and they tried to film us, and
they were being rude. I asked them
not to do it, and they kept trying to
film my family. If you see us in public,
just be polite and I'll take a
picture with you, but please don't film
my children. Don't film my children.
That's very abrasive whenever I don't
want my little girl on the internet and
I don't know what you're going to do
with that. And it comes across
as
very aggressive. And I hate to
bring this up, and I'm not on a rant, and
I'm not asking you, I'm just asking you
to
be polite. I know I'm not... I don't feel
like a celebrity, but people act like we
are and you follow us around with a
camera being weird. It's creepy, okay?
And it makes me want to be aggressive
towards you. So I just want to say I
walk in love towards you, but there's
part of me that is like, why are you
doing that after I ask you not to? So,
please, please, if you want a picture
with us and you see us in public or
whatever, all you have to do is be
polite. Say, "Hey, can I have a picture
with you?"I'll be like, "Cool,
whatever,"you
know, and I'll pray for
you. But don't be weird and hold
the camera up and try to film my little
girl. All right?
There's nothing legally I can do
to you unless you touch me, and I'll
knock you on your rear. But I'm just
talking to... just walking
in love with you. Just be polite with
that kind of stuff, you know. It
happened yesterday and I'm just
saying people
get kind of weird.
Yeah.
I just felt like I should say that if
you're watching, just walk in love.
We just have to be cool and I'll talk to
you in church and be nice to you. I'm
not trying to... I'm telling y'all,
I'm just Brandon,
but I like my space with my kids,
you know.
So, all right. Well, we love you. Oh, we
love you. We truly do. We do. "What's
wrong with people?"Somebody said,
"What's wrong with
people?"I
don't know. But even after we
told him to stop, his son got his camera
out and both of them were filming us at
the same time like paparazzi. And I was
like, "What are you
doing?"And
they thought... and they're
sitting out in their car and they're
filming us from their window and I'm
like, "Are they trying to be perverts? I
mean, what are they doing?"I mean,
these people are weird. I'm like, "What
are they doing?"And they kept... and I
said, "Stop. Stop. Stop."Like that.
And they just kept doing it. I said,
"Do you want a picture
of me?"I'm like, "Seriously, do I have
a booger in my nose?"I mean, what is
it? I still don't get it. And I
said, "Please don't do that."And they
kept doing it.
Yeah. Somebody said, "Don't be weird,
guys."Yeah.
Don't be weird. Hey,
but we're cool. You know, I just
want to tell y'all we love you. Thank
you. You know, is it cool? I don't know.
I shouldn't have brought that up, I'm
sure. But I'm just like, you know, it is
on my heart.
God bless you all. Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you all and we'll see you again
soon. And tell us, do you like doing
these?
Yeah.
Do they like doing these? Because I'll
do them more. I mean, praying with y'all
live. I mean, I could set a
schedule and do it once or
twice a week and we could pray. I
thought about getting a building, you
know, and doing like a real thing,
like a headquarters, you know, like
praying together in a building. Yeah,
you know, and you come, but you
know, I'm just not there yet. I don't
know how I would do that. I thought, but
this is live and it may be something we
could do. I don't even know who would
even show up,
you know. Would they even want to, you
know? I thought, you know, I don't know.
I know that we can pray together and
I know... I
see them
saying yes. Yes.
Yes. Yes.
Yes. What?
Some are saying... they're saying yes to
everything. Everything you've said. Yes
to lives, yes to the building thing,
but I thought about getting like a
little... corner, like a building with,
you know, put like three or 400
seats in it and see who shows up, you
know, want to come and get prayed for. I
don't know. Okay. Well, if you all think
about it, I mean, like I said, I was
praying about a little building or
whatever and getting some chairs and
praying if people want to pray live. But
we'll do this right now. And
I want to see if you could see my hand
through it. Can you see that?
Oh, that would be so cool.
Diana, come on.
I was just curious.
You kids, it'd be like sticking your hand
behind my head and saying, "Can you see
your head?"because my head's hollow.
Was that dumb?
Can you see my hand?
I just wondered. I was just curious.
Stick my finger in your ear and see if I
can see the other side.
How green screens work.
That sounded dumb. Probably y'all are
going to laugh.
No.
Got burnt. What?
They're all laughing at me.
Well, okay. Well, so you'll just like
doing these lives. So, I think
maybe if we do it, if we do it like on
Wednesday evenings after we get
home from church, or we could do it like
on a Tuesday or we could... I don't know
about doing it every day. It takes a lot
out of me. It really does. I have to
fill myself back up and I do not want to
pray on empty, and if I do, I
have to take time and we still got to
work. So I tried to tell D, I said,
"Well, Sundays have been good, so I
don't know. I thought about doing
Saturday nights or whatever, but
being here for so long...
there's so many different time zones and
people come and go."So it's like I
don't know. Like earlier we had almost
7,000 people over here, right?
And now we had 3,000. Now there's 5,000
again. So it's like, you know, I don't
know. I want to be effective, but
if I told everybody to show up at a
certain time and said, "Hey, we're going
to do prayer at like 7 o'clock
Central
time,"you
know, maybe everybody would show up
at once and we'd have a lot of people here
at one time, you know.
Yeah.
I don't know. I'm just trying to learn.
But Braden does the editing and we
do it all together. And
I have to edit
sometimes.
Yeah. He's excited because he doesn't have
to work to edit all this. It's a lot of
work for him. He takes hours and hours
editing these videos and going through
things trying to see prophecies
fulfilled or words fulfilled or
whatever. And he goes, "Oh,"and he
listens to each one. And
they're all saying once a week is great.
He goes on there and he says,
"Daddy,"he
goes, "I remember this word.
Do you remember it?"And I said, "I
don't remember because there's so many
things the Lord gives me and we have to
keep count of
it."Yeah.
There's no... it's not humanly possible
to remember all of
it.
But once I tell you, you
remember.
Yeah. I remember and I can even tell you
what I was... after he tells me, it comes
so fresh up inside of me. I can see it
again and it's like a fragrance.
It's really cool actually how the
Holy Spirit does that because I can even
see the vision again and I go back into
it and I go, "Ah, I remember it. I
remember the colors. I remember
everything."And
it's become, like I said, it's
developed so much now when I can...
when I'm telling you I'm seeing
something. Like Diana, you know, I
forget you don't see it. But there's so
much detail to everything he shows me,
from the earthquake when I was... whenever
it hit me and I was interceding for
that. I could see the dead people. I
could see the smoke
rising from the fires that it causes. I
could see the rubble. I could see the
building and the glass exploding as it
was rocking and falling. There was so
much in that vision when I was in it.
And it was so real. And then whenever
I'm interceding that way, and that's
whenever... whenever I go and I'm seeing
Mount Fuji, I could see
the snow on it. I could see the
smoke rising from it. I could see the
land splitting, and when I'm in the Strait
of Hormuz
or whatever it is, or
the man with the gray beard just a
minute ago, I could see him and
I could see him at the UN. I
could see people, not him at the UN,
but just being upset about
things and trying to vote against Israel
and coming against things, and I could
see this stuff.
It's so real and vivid, and I go,
'Wow.'You
know, like you're watching a movie,
and when my eyes are open, I
can see it.
It's really cool, actually.
Yeah.
So, well, God bless you all. I've told
you to put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you. We
love you. We'll see you again next time.
Okay. We'll put it in
the thingy, or whatever, in the thing.
This is when we're going to do it next
live. Be here or be square
on the community post,
right?
Bye.